{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f5\froman Times;}{\f6\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f7\fswiss Chicago;}
{\f8\froman New York;}{\f9\fswiss Geneva;}{\f10\fmodern Monaco;}{\f11\froman Palatino;}{\f12\fmodern Courier;}{\f13\fnil BI Letter Gothic BoldSlanted;}{\f14\fnil I Letter Gothic Slanted;}{\f15\fnil CB Helvetica Condensed Bold;}
{\f16\fnil CLB Helvetica Condensed Black;}{\f17\fnil CBI Helvetica Condensed BoldObl;}{\f18\fnil CL Helvetica Condensed Light;}{\f19\fnil CLBI Helvetica Condensed BlackO;}{\f20\fnil CLI Helvetica Condensed LightOb;}{\f21\fnil Letter Gothic;}
{\f22\fnil B Letter Gothic Bold;}{\f23\fnil C Helvetica Condensed;}{\f24\fnil CI Helvetica Condensed Oblique;}{\f25\fnil MT Extra;}{\f26\fnil MS San Serif;}{\f27\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f28\fswiss Helv;}{\f29\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f30\fswiss Univers (W1);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s230\li1440\ri720\sb180\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{
\s231\li720\ri720\sb180\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\ri720\sb180\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s239\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s242\li115\sb180\sl-240\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\li115\sb180\sl-240\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 
\f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s248\li720\sb180\sl-240 
\i\f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720\sb240\sa240\keepn \f29\fs20\lang1033 \snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720\sb240\sa240\keepn \i\f29\fs20\lang1033 \snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon253\snext251 heading 4;}{\s252\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext10 heading 2;}{\s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \snext10 heading 1;}{
\s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal Indent;}{\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-245\li605\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext2 Jli;}{\s3\li120\sb60\sl-240\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 
\f12\fs16\lang1033 \snext3 Ex;}{\s4\li120\sb160\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa1;}{\s5\fi-240\li360\sl-240\tx360 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb1;}{\s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb2;}{\s7\li360\sb60\sl-240 
\f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lp1;}{\s8\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Th;}{\s9\li115\sb60\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Tp;}{\s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\snext0 Normal 2;}{\s11\li120\sb120\sa120 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s12\li120\sb120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa2;}{\s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Jl;}{\s14\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext9 Th2;}{\s15\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f27\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext9 Th3;}{\s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{\s17\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Thh;}{\s18\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\tx1915 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext18 Tph;}{\s19\box\brdrsh\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext19 Boxed;}{\s20\fi-720\li1440 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext20 List;}{\s21\li864 \f11\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext21 ListIndented1;}{\s22 \i\f11\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext22 aa;}{\s23\li900 \f11\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext23 Level3;}{\s24\li450 \f11\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext24 Level2;}{\s25\fi-720\li720 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext25 H-Indent0;}{\s26\ri-720 \b\f30\fs20\uldb\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext26 Label2;}}{\info{\author Charlie Kindel}{\creatim\yr1992\mo10\dy2\hr15\min53}{\version1}{\edmins250}{\nofpages18}{\nofwords67286}{\nofchars75528}{\vern16417}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\hyphhotz0 {\*\template C:\\WW2\\WHAT31.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\tqr\tx8640 \b\f27\lang1033 {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Contents for WinPrint Help}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} Contents}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 01}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} contents index}}{\f28  Contents for WinPrint Help
\par }\pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint is a tool that allows you to print all of your files easily and efficiently in Windows.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Introduction
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb What Is WinPrint?}{\v\uldb WhatIsWinPrint}
\par {\uldb WinPrint Basics}{\v\uldb WinPrintBasics}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb The WinPrint Window}{\v\uldb TheWinPrintWindow}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb WinPrint and The Windows File Manager}{\v\uldb FileManager}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb WinPrint and The Norton Desktop}{\v\uldb NortonDesktop}{\uldb 
\par }\pard \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 How To...
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Select Files for Printing}{\v SelectingFilesforPrinting}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Manage Configurations}{\v\uldb ManagingConfigurations}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Associate File Types with Configurations}{\v\uldb AssociatingFileTypeswithConfigurations}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Install File Type Drivers}{\v InstallingFileTypeDrivers}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Configure WinPrint}{\v\uldb ConfiguringWinPrint}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Extend Other }{\uldb Applications With WinPrint}{\v\uldb WinPrintAPI}
\par {\uldb Get Technical Support}{\v TechnicalSupport}
\par \pard \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Miscellaneous
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Shareware Registration Information}{\v RegistrationInfo}
\par {\uldb Distribution Files}{\v DistributionFiles}
\par {\uldb Limited Warranty}{\v LimitedWarranty}
\par {\ul Copyright Information}{\v CopyrightNotice}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} What Is WinPrint?}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} WhatIsWinPrint}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} overview}} What Is WinPrint?
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint is a powerful and flexible printing extension for Windows that allows you to print all types of files formatted as you wish.  
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Have you ever wanted to print a standard ASCII or ANSI text file (such as README.TXT) from w
ithin Windows?  If you have, you realize how poor Windows is at it!  WinPrint makes printing and formatting text files easy.  
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Page Formatting Features
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-245\li605\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Margins}{\v Margins}
\par {\uldb Landscape and Portrait Orientation}{\v Orientation}
\par {\uldb Multiple Pages Up}{\v MultiplePagesUp}
\par {\uldb Headers and Footers}{\v HeadersFooters}
\par Shading
\par Borders
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint takes advantage of the powerful {\ul file association}
 capabilities of WIndows 3.1 to allow you to easily select and print your documents using a user interface that you already know: The Windows File Mana
ger.  Once you have installed WinPrint it becomes an integral, but un-intrusive, part of your Windows environment.  All features become accessable through the Windows File Manager.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 WinPrint is also extensible itself.  Integral to WinPrint's printing mechanism are the {\ul File Type Drivers}{\v FileTypeDrivers}
.  Each driver is specifically designed to handle the printing and formatting of a particular type of file.  
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Built in File Type Drivers
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-245\li605\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 ASCII Text Files
\par ANSI Text Files
\par Bitmap Image Files
\par Windows Metafiles
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Over time, additional File Type Drivers can be added.  
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} WinPrint Basics}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} WinPrintBasics}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} basics}} WinPrint Basics
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint consists of two primary components:  The WinPrint MiniApp, and the WinPrint File Manager Extension.  
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 The WinPrint MiniApp
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 The WinPrint MiniApp provides you with a mechanism for configuring and monitoring WinPrint.  The MiniApp provides only rudimentary file selection capabilities, but serves as a {\uldb Drag & Drop Target}{
\v\uldb DragDrop} for the Windows File Manager.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 The MiniApp serves as a configuration manager for WinPrint.  It allows you to create, edit, and delete {\uldb WinPrint Configurations}{\v\uldb ManagingConfigurations}, install and remove {\uldb 
File Type Drivers}{\v\uldb FileTypeDrivers}, and to {\ul associate}{\v\ul associate} files with WinPrint Configurations. 
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 You can install or remove the WinPrint File Manager extension via the MiniApp.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 The MiniApp is essential to your ability to use WinPrint to extend other applications.  The MiniApp is a {\ul DDE}{\v\ul DDE} server, and supports a complete {\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v CommandLineInterface}
 to allow other applications to print files.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 You can start The WinPrint MiniApp by running WINPRT2.EXE.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 For more information on the WinPrint MiniApp see {\uldb The WinPrint MiniApp}{\v Contents@WINPRINT.HLP}.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 The WinPrint File Manager Extension
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
The File Manager in Windows 3.1 is extensible.  That means that application vendors can extend it in a programatic fashion.  WinPrint takes advantage of this abilty and integrates itself into your Windows environment through the WinPrint File Manager Exte
nsion.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Once you have the WinPrint File Manager Extension i
nstalled WinPrint becomes a part of File Manager.  A top level menu item is added to the File Manager Menu with the tile "WinPrint", and several menu items are added to the "File" menu item.  These menu's allow you to easily select, format, and print your
 files.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 For more information on The WinPrint File Manager Extension see {\uldb WinPrint and The Windows File Manager}{\v\uldb FileManager}.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Configurations, File Types, and Associations
\par Printing a File
\par See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Selecting Files For Printing}{\v SelectingFilesForPrinting}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} The WinPrint Window}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} TheWinPrintWindow}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} window;drop-target}} The WinPrint Window
\par \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} WinPrint and The Windows File Manager}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 
\f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} FileManager}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 
\f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} file;manager;winfile;winfile.exe;extension;drag-drop}} WinPrint and The Windows File Manager
\par \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} WinPrint and The Norton Desktop}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs18\up6 #} NortonDesktop}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs18\up6 K} norton;desktop;drag-drop}} WinPrint and The Norton Desktop
\par \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Selecting Files for Printing}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs18\up6 #} SelectingFilesforPrinting}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 
\f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} selecting;printing;files;drag-drop}} Selecting Files for Printing
\par \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Managing Configurations}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 
#} ManagingConfigurations}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs18\up6 K} config;configuration;configurations;setups;filetypes;associations}} Managing Configurations
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Page Setup}{\v PageSetup}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Associating File Types with Configurations}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} AssociatingFileTypeswithConfigurations}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain 
\f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} association;associations;filetype;configure;configurations;setups;registry;registration;database}} Associating File Types with Configurations
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
Windows supports the concept of File Associations primarily through the Windows File Manager.  When you associate a file with an an application, you can open the file and start the application at the same time. If a file is associated with an ap
plication, there is a document-file icon next to the filename in the directory window of File Manager. 
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint takes advantage and extends this concept by allowing you to specify what WinPrint Configuration you want to use when printing a file.
\par When The WinPrint File Manager Extension is installed, you can use the {\i File.Associate} menu item to associate a specific file type (file extension) with a WinPrint Configuration.  Or, you can use the {\i Manage.}{\i File Types} menu item in {\uldb 
the WinPrint MiniApp}{\v Contents@WINPRINT.HLP}.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Installing File Type Drivers}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} InstallingFileTypeDrivers}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} ftd;file;type;driver;setups;configuration;filetype;dll;.ftd;.dll;engine.dll}} Installing File Type Drivers
\par \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Headers and Footers}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #}
 HeadersFooters}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K}
 HeadersAndFooters;Headers;Footers;HeadersAndFootersSetupDialog}} Headers and Footers Setup Dialog
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint allows you to cu
stomize the headers and footers that appear on your print outs.  Headers and footers are divided  up into three sections, left, center, and right.  Each section can contain the text of your choice and can appear in the font of your choice.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 The following meta characters may be used within the text of your headers and footers to include information about the file being printed.  
\par \pard\plain \s8\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Meta\tab \tab Description
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft7 \cellx1437\cellx5742\pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl \f27\fs20\lang1033 &p\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Page number.\cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft7 \cellx1437\cellx5742\pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &P\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Total number of pages in document.  Note that some file type drivers do not support this meta character.\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &d\cell \pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Current date (short format:  mm/dd/yy).\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &D\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Current date (long format:  mmm dd, yyyy).\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &t\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Current time (no seconds).\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &T\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Current time (incl. seconds).\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &r\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Date file was last revised (short format).\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &R\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Date file was last revised (long format).\cell 
\pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &v\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Time file was last revised (no seconds).\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &V\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl 
Time file was last revised (incl. seconds).\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &s\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Size of file in Kbytes. \cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &S\cell \pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Size of file in bytes. \cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &n\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Device name of printer job is being printed on (i.e. "HP LaserJet").\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &N\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Name of output device job is being printed on (i.e. "LPT1:" or "\\\\SERVER\\SHARE (LPT1)").\cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft7 \cellx1437\cellx5742\pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &&\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Ampersand.\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 
For all of the following, the resultant string is in all lower case.  Use the equivalent upper case meta character to produce an upper case string.
\par \pard\plain \s8\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Meta\tab \tab Description
\par \trowd \trgaph108\trleft7 \cellx1422\cellx5742\pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl \f27\fs20\lang1033 &f\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Full path and filename (i.e. "c:\\foo\\bar\\hello.c").\cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft7 
\cellx1422\cellx5742\pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &b\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Basename.  Everything but the extension (i.e. "c:\\foo\\bar\\hello").\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &i\cell \pard 
\li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Directory.  The directory component.  This does not include the following backslash (i.e. "\\foo\\bar").\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &e\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl 
Extension.  Begins with the '.'  (i.e. ".c").\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &h\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Path. The path to the file including drive and trailing backslash ("c:\\foo\\bar\\" or "\\\\server\\share\\foo\\
bar\\").\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &o\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Root.  The filename, less the extension (i.e. "hello").\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &l\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl 
Volume.  The drive.  Typically a letter and a colon (i.e "c:"), but may also be a UNC style path (i.e. "\\\\server\\share").\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &u\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl 
User name.  This is the name you have logged onto your Local Area Network as.\cell \pard \intbl \row \trowd \trgaph108\trleft7 \cellx1422\cellx5742\pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl &m\cell \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240\intbl Machine name.  This is the name
 of your machine on your Local Area Network.\cell \pard \intbl \row \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Page Setup}{\v PageSetup}
\par {\uldb Choose Font Dialog}{\v ChooseFontDialog}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Page Setup}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} PageSetup}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} PageSetup;Page;Setup;Dialog;PageSetupDialog}} Page Setup Dialog
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Headers and Footers Setup Dialog}{\v\uldb HeadersFooters}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Configuring WinPrint}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} ConfiguringWinPrint}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} configuring;setup;winprint.ini;[options]}} Configuring WinPrint
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Page Setup}{\v PageSetup}
\par {\uldb Headers and Footers Setup Dialog}{\v\uldb HeadersFooters}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Margins}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Margins}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Margins;formatting}} Margins
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Margins in WinPrint are defined as the area of a page where no information will be printed.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 As with all measurements in WinPrint, the margins can be expressed in either inches or centimeters (See Configuring WinPrint).
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 
Note that most printers define a "Non Printable" area that they are physically incapable of printing in.  By default WinPrint's margins do not take this Non Printable area into account.  For example, on the HP LaserJet series printers there is a 0.25 inch
 Non Printable area on all sides of an 8 1/2 x 11 inch piece of paper.  WinPrint, by default, treats this as a 8 x 10 1/2 inch sheet.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 You may, however, configure WinPrint to take the Non Printable area into account when calculating margins.  See Configuring WinPrint to see how.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Page Setup}{\v PageSetup}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Orientation}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Orientation}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Orientation;formatting}} Landscape and Portrait Orientation
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Orientation applies to the orientation of the output on a piece of paper.  
\par 
\par Portrait orientation describes a peice of paper where the height is longer than the width:
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Landscape orientation describes a peice of paper where the width is longer than the height:
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Page Setup}{\v PageSetup}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Multiple Pages Up}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} MultiplePagesUp}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} MultiplePagesUp;Multiple;Pages;lUp}} Multiple Pages Up
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 One of WinPrints most powerful and useful features 
is its ability to print your files with "Multiple Pages Up".  This means that on one side of a sheet of paper, WinPrint can squeeze a customizable number of pages.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 The picture below depicts a "Two Page Up" sheet in {\ul Landscape} mode:
\par The picture below deptics a "Four Page Up" sheet in {\ul Portrait} mode:
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 See Also
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-245\li360\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Page Setup}{\v PageSetup}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 \page ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Choose Font Dialog}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} ChooseFontDialog}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} ChooseFontDialog;font;font, change}} Choose Font Dialog
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Changes the font in File Manager. The Font command affects all directory 
\par windows. 
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Choose one of the following for more information about the dialog box: 
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-245\li605\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\ul Font
\par }{\ul Font Style
\par }{\ul Size
\par }{\ul Sample
\par }\pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} File Type Drivers}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} FileTypeDrivers}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} File;Type;Drivers;FileTypeDrivers}} File Type Drivers
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Components of WinPrint that are specifically designed to print and format a particular type of file.  Examples are 'ANSI Text Files' and 'Bitmap Image Files'.   
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
WinPrint comes with several built in File Type Drivers, and more can be added.  The built in File Type Drivers all exist in the ENGINE.DLL file.  Add on File Type Drivers are contained within files with .FTD extensions.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 If you are interested in developing a File Type Driver contact Charles E. Kindel, Jr. for information on obtaining the WinPrint {\ul Software Development Kit}.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Extending Other Applications With WinPrint}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} WinPrintAPI}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} api;extending;programming;sdk}} Extending Other Applications With WinPrint{\plain \f27\lang1033 
\par }\page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Drag & Drop}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} DragDrop
}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} DragDrop
;DragDropTarget;Dragging;Dropping}} Drag & Drop
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint supports Drag & Drop operations.  
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
To print a file or files using Drag & Drop, simply highlight the file or files in File Manager and drag it over The WinPrint MiniApp's window or icon and drop it.  The file or files will be printed using the appropriate configurations.
\par Note that the Windows Print Manager supports Drag & Drop printing also.  Unfortunately you cannot drop more than one file at a time onto Print Manager.  WinPrint fully supports multiple file printing.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 {\f28 \page }{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Shareware Registration Information}}{\f28  }{\plain 
\f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} RegistrationInfo}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 01}}{\f28  
}{\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} shareware;registration;information}}{\f28  Shareware Registration Information
\par }\pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint is not and has never been public domain software, nor is it free software.  WinPrint is a commercial application distributed as shareware.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Non-licensed users are granted a limited license (registration) to use WinPrint on a 21-day trial basis for the purpose of determining whether WinPrint is suitable for their ne
eds.  The use of WinPrint, except for the initial 21-day trial, requires registration.  The use of unlicensed (un-registered) copies of WinPrint by any person, business, corporation, government agency or any other entity is strictly prohibited.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 A single user license permits a user to use WinPrint only on a single computer.  Licensed users may use the program on different computers, but may not use the program on more than one computer at the same time.
\par No one may modify or patch the WinPrint executable and documentation files in any way, including but not limited to decompiling, disassembling, or otherwise reverse engineering the program.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 A limited license is granted to copy and distribute WinPrint only for the trial use of others, subject to the above limitations, and also the following:
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\b \'bb}\tab WinPrint must be copied in unmodified form, complete with the file containing this license information.  
\par \pard \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 {\b \'bb}\tab Copies of WinPrint must include all of the {\uldb Distribution Files}{\v DistributionFiles}
\par \pard \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 {\b \'bb}\tab WinPrint may not be distributed in conjunction with any other product with out a specific license to do so from Charles E. Kindel, Jr.
\par {\b \'bb}\tab No fee, charge, or other compensation may be requested or accepted, except as authorized below:
\par \pard \s6\fi-245\li365\sb60\sl-240\tx360 {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\b SYMBOL 187 \\f "MS Sans Serif" \\s 10 \\h}}{\fldrslt }}\tab 
Operators of electronic bulletin board systems (sysops) may make WinPrint available for downloading only as long as the above conditions are met.  An overall or time-dependent charge for the use of the bulletin board system is permitted as long as there 
is not a specific charge for the download of WinPrint.
\par \pard\plain \fi-245\li360\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\b SYMBOL 187 \\f "MS Sans Serif" \\s 10 \\h}}{\fldrslt }}\tab Vendors may charge a disk duplication and handling fee, which may not exceed eight dollars.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 The single user registration fee for WinPrint 1.5 is $49.95 (US Dollars).  Payment of this fee entitles you to:
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\b \'bb}\tab A registration number that will disable the startup shareware reminder windows contained within the program.
\par {\b \'bb}\tab Free upgrade to all future shareware versions and a discount on future versions that are not distributed as shareware, if any.
\par \pard \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 {\b \'bb}\tab Technical support via electronic mail.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 The most recent version of WinPrint can always be found in the following places:
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\b \'bb}\tab The MSOPSYS, WINNEW, and WINADV, forums on Compuserve
\par {\b \'bb}\tab The Utilities forum on PC Magazine's PC MAGNET.
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Site licenses for WinPrint are available.  Contact the author for more information.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 At the present time registering for WinPrint may be done by mail only.   To register send a check for $49.95 (US Dollars) drawn on a US. bank made out to Charles E. Kindel, Jr. to:
\par \pard\plain \s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.
\par 22925 NE. 12th Place
\par Redmond, WA  98053
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 Important points to remember when registering:
\par \pard\plain \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\b \'bb}\tab 
The only forms of payment currently accepted are by check for United States dollars drawn on a United States bank (the cost of cashing a check drawn on an international bank is typically $25-$30 which is prohibitively expensive) or cash.  If you do send 
a check drawn on a US. bank, but from an international branch, make sure the check clearly states where a US. branch of that bank  is located.
\par \pard \s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 {\b \'bb}\tab You can print a registration form from the Registration Dialog Box.  Using this forms makes processing orders much easier.
\par {\b \'bb}\tab Make sure your name and address are clearly legible on the registration form and that you include a first {\b and} last name.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Distribution Files}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} DistributionFiles}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs16\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} distribtution;files;winprt2.exe;engine.dll;cek.dll;tdutil.dll;readme.txt;winprt2.hlp}} Distribution Files
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 The following files are included with WinPrint:
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 WINPRT2.EXE
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 Main WinPrint 2.0 executable.  This file serves as the basic user interface for WinPrint 2.0 for managing configurations, WinPrint options, and setup.  It als}{\f28 
o serves as a drag-drop target for File Manager.
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 ENGINE.DLL
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 WinPrint 2.0's core print engine.  The APIs defined in this DLL may be called by any application to achieve general purpose printing easily.  Contact Charles Kindel for licensing information.
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 CEK.DLL
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 Support Dynamic Link Library.  This file must reside in a directory on your path or in the same directory that WINPRT2.EXE resides in.
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 TDUTIL.DLL
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 Support Dynamic Link Library.  This file must reside in a directory on your path or in the same dire}{\f28 ctory that WINPRT2.EXE resides in.
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 WINPRINT.HLP
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 The WinPrint help file.  This file is used the Windows WinHelp utility to provide on-line help for WinPrint and should reside in the same directory as WINPRT2.EXE.
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 WINPRT2.HLP
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 The WinPrint MiniApp help file.  This file is used the Windows WinHelp utility to provide on-line help for WinPrint and should reside in the same directory as WINPRT2.EXE.
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 README.TXT
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 This file provides installation instructions and more.  Read it!
\par }\pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 {\f28 All of the above files }{\b\f28 must}{\f28  be in}{\f28 cluded with all copies of WinPrint distributed!
\par }\pard\plain \s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\b {\*\bkmkstart bkmkEnd}{\*\bkmkend bkmkEnd}\page }{\b\fs18 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Copyright Notice}}{\b  }{\b\fs18 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} CopyrightNotice}}{\b  }{\b\fs18 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} copyright}}WinPrint is Copyright \'a9 1990-1992 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.

\par \pard \s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 All Rights Reserved.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 {\f28 \page }{\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Limited Warranty}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} LimitedWarranty}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} warranty}}{\f28  Limited Warranty
\par }\pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
Charles E. Kindel, Jr. guarantees your satisfaction with this product for a period of 90 days from the date of original purchase.  If you are unsatisfied with WinPrint within that time period contact Charles E. Kindel, Jr. via normal or electronic mail fo
r a full refund.
\par \pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 {\f28 Charles E. Kindel, Jr. warrants that the program will perform in substantial co}{\f28 
mpliance with the documentation supplied with the software product.  If a significant defect in the product is found, the Purchaser may obtain a refund.  In no event will such a refund exceed the purchase price of the product.
\par }\pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 {\f28 
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE, CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT.  SHOULD THE PROGRA
}{\f28 M PROVE DEFECTIVE, THE PURCHA}{\f28 
SER ASSUMES THE RISK OF PAYING THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION AND ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAG
}{\f28 ES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THIS PRODUCT EVEN IF CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

\par }\pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 {\f28 Use of this p}{\f28 roduct for any period of time constitutes your acceptance of this agreement and subjects you to its contents.
\par }\pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f27\fs20\lang1033 US. Government Restricted Rights
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 
Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subdivision (b)(3)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at 252.227-7013.  Contractor/manufacturer is Charles E. Kindel, Jr., 22925 NE.
}{\f28  12th Place, Redmond, WA 98053.
\par }\pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 {\f28 \page }{\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Technical Support}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} TechnicalSupport}}{\f28  }{\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} technical;support}}{\f28 
 Technical Support
\par }\pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\f28 Technical support for WinPrint is provided to registe}{\f28 red users only via electronic mail.
\par }\pard \li115\sb180\sl-240 If you are a registered user, you can contact the author for support on CompuServe. Send CompuServe mail to 71551,1455.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Dynamic Data Exchange}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} DDE}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} DynamicDataExchange;DDE}} Dynamic Data Exchange
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f27\lang1033 \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Command Line Interface}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} CommandLineInterface}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 01}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} CommandLineInterface;commandline}} Command Line Interface
\par \page {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} associate}} {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} associate}}
 {\plain \f27\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} associate}} File Associations
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
Windows supports the concept of File Associations primarily through the Windows File Manager.  When you associate a file with an an application, you can open the file and start the application at the same time. If a file is associated with an application,
 there is a document-file icon next to the filename in the directory window of File Manager. 
\par \pard\plain \li115\sb180\sl-240 \f27\fs20\lang1033 WinPrint takes advantage and extends this concept by allowing you to specify what WinPrint Configuration you want to use when printing a file.
\par }