{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman Times;}{\f4\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f5\fswiss Chicago;}{\f6\froman New York;}{\f7\fswiss Geneva;}
{\f8\fmodern Monaco;}{\f9\froman Palatino;}{\f10\fmodern Courier;}{\f11\fnil BI Letter Gothic BoldSlanted;}{\f12\fnil I Letter Gothic Slanted;}{\f13\fnil CB Helvetica Condensed Bold;}{\f14\fnil CLB Helvetica Condensed Black;}
{\f15\fnil CBI Helvetica Condensed BoldObl;}{\f16\fnil CL Helvetica Condensed Light;}{\f17\fnil CLBI Helvetica Condensed BlackO;}{\f18\fnil CLI Helvetica Condensed LightOb;}{\f19\fmodern Letter Gothic;}{\f20\fnil B Letter Gothic Bold;}
{\f21\fnil C Helvetica Condensed;}{\f22\fnil CI Helvetica Condensed Oblique;}{\f23\fnil MT Extra;}{\f24\fnil MS San Serif;}{\f25\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f26\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f27\fswiss Helv;}{\f28\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f29\fmodern Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s229\li2160\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{
\s230\li1440\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\li720\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\ri720\sb80\sl-240\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 
\f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s239\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s242\li120\sb80\sl-240\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\li120\sb80\sl-240\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s248\li720\sb80\sl-240 \i\f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720\sb240\sa240\keepn \f26\fs20\lang1033 \snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720\sb240\sa240\keepn \i\f26\fs20\lang1033 \snext255 heading 5;}{
\s251\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon253\snext251 heading 4;}{\s252\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \snext10 heading 1;}{\s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal Indent;}{\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext2 Jli;}{
\s3\li120\sb60\sl-240\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f10\fs16\lang1033 \snext3 Ex;}{\s4\li120\sb160\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa1;}{\s5\fi-240\li360\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb1;}{\s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 
\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb2;}{\s7\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lp1;}{\s8\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Th;}{\s9\li115\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\snext9 Tp;}{\s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\s11\li120\sb120\sa120 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s12\li120\sb120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa2;}{\s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Jl;}{
\s14\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext9 Th2;}{\s15\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon8\snext9 Th3;}{\s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{\s17\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Thh;}{
\s18\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\tx1915 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Tph;}{\s19\ri-720\box\brdrsh\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext19 Boxed;}{\s20\fi-720\li1440\ri-720 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext20 List;}{
\s21\li864\ri-720 \f9\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext21 ListIndented1;}{\s22\ri-720 \i\f9\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext22 aa;}{\s23\li900\ri-720 \f9\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext23 Level3;}{\s24\li450\ri-720 \f9\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext24 Level2;}{
\s25\fi-720\li720\ri-720 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext25 H-Indent0;}{\s26\ri-720 \b\f28\fs20\uldb\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext26 Label2;}{\s27\fi-720\li1440 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext27 Bullet;}{\s28 \f10\fs15\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext28 Code;}}{\info{\author Charlie Kindel}{\creatim\yr1992\mo12\dy26\hr16\min49}{\version1}{\edmins68}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords68706}{\nofchars83614}{\vern16417}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\hyphhotz0 {\*\template C:\\WW2\\WHAT31.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $}
 Contents for INIedit Help}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Contents}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Contents;Index}} Contents for INIedit Help
\par \pard\plain \s10\qc\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\b INIedit Version 1.3}
\par Copyright \'a9 1990-1993 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.
\par All Rights Reserved.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Registration Information}{\v\uldb Registration}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Introduction}{\v\uldb Introduction}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Installing INIedit}{\v\uldb InstallingINIedit}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Using INIedit}{\v UsingINIedit}
\par 
\par {\uldb What are INI files}{\v\uldb WhatAreINIFiles}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb The 386 Ehn Section of SYSTEM.INI}{\v\uldb 386Enh}
\par 
\par {\uldb Technical Support}{\v\uldb TechSupport}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Legal Disclaimer}{\v\uldb Legal}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb U.S. Government Restricted Rights}{\v\uldb GovernmentRights}
\par {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\b\cf13 NOTICE!  NOTICE!  NOTICE!  NOTICE!  NOTICE!  NOTICE!}{\b 
\par }\pard \s16\li720\sb200\sl-240 
INIedit is DESIGNED to modify Windows Initialization files.   CAUTION must be used whenever you modify WIN.INI or SYSTEM.INI.  There is little chance that INIedit would corrupt one of these files, but it is possible that they could be modified incorrectly
 by the user.  This could cause WINDOWS TO FAIL TO WORK or WORK INCORRECTLY...CAUSING LOSS OF DATA.
\par \pard \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 {\b\cf13 BACK UP YOUR INI FILES REGULARLY!}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Introduction}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Introduction}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Introduction;overview}} Introduction
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
Most Microsoft(tm) Windows applications, and Windows itself, use "INI" files to store configuration information.  The Windows 3.0 and 3.1 documentation refers to these files as initialization files.  The most famous of all INI files is the WIN.INI file.  
If you have been using Windows for any length of time, you probably have, at the minimum, seen the contents of your WIN.INI file.
\par {\b INIedit} is a Windows 3 application designed to make modifying, viewing, and printing Windows INI files easy.   The application itself is composed of  two files, INIEDIT.EXE and CEKLIB.DLL.  Both files are required in order for {\b INIedit}
 to operate.
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\b INIedit}
 was developed for Windows 3.0 and Windows 3.1 using the Microsoft Windows 3.1 Software Development Kit, the Microsoft C/C++ Compiler Version 7.00, and the Microsoft Macro Assembler Version 5.10.  The documentation was produced using Microsoft Word For Wi
ndows Version 2.0a.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb What are INI files}{\v\uldb WhatAreINIFiles}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Installing and Running INIedit}{\v\uldb InstallingINIedit}{\uldb 
\par }{\uldb Using INIedit}{\v UsingINIedit}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} The 386 Enh Section}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} 386Enh}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} 386enh}} The 386 Enh Section
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 [386Enh] section of the SYSTEM.INI file breaks an important rule for INI file formatting:  it has many lines with the same keyname (device=) and different values.  {\i  }{\b INIedit}
 will not allow you to modify the [386Enh] section of SYSTEM.INI for this reason.   If you must edit the [386Enh] ection, use the "Edit with Notepad" feature of {\b INIedit}. 
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} What are INI files}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} WhatAreINIfiles}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} INI;files;what}} What are INI files
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
In Windows 1.x and 2.x all applications and the system used WIN.INI to store configuration information.  With the introduction of Windows 3.0 came "Private" INI files.  Except for a few oddball applications all INI files are stored in the directory that W
indows is installed in.  This directory is named WINDOWS by default, but may be different on your system.  Also, all INI files have the extension .INI; which is why they are called INI files.
\par INI files have a specific format.  There are {\i sections},  {\i keynames}, and {\i values.}  A section is a group of keynames.  Each keyname has associated with it a value.
\par Sections are delimited by square brackets ('[' and ']').  Keynames are assigned a value using an equal sign ('=').  For example in the WIN.INI file there is a section titled 'Windows', that is used to store information about your Windows setup.   A typica
l [Windows] section might appear in the WIN.INI file as:
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \s2\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 [Windows]
\par spooler=yes
\par run=
\par Beep=yes
\par NullPort=None
\par device=Apple LaserWriter II NTX,PSCRIPT,LPT2:
\par BorderWidth=4
\par Programs=pif exe com bat
\par MouseSpeed=1
\par load=clock.exe
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 If look at the contents of  your WINDOWS directory you will notice many INI files (from DOS type DIR C:\\WINDOWS\\
*.INI).   Windows 3 applets like Control Panel and CardFile each have their own INI files (CONTROL.INI and CARDFILE.INI respectively).  Older Windows applications that were written for Windows 2.x still may store their data in the WIN.INI file.  A good ex
ample of this is WinWord.
\par Another INI file that is very important to Windows 3.0 is the SYSTEM.INI file.  SYSTEM.INI contains information about the Windows 3.0 "system", such as the display driver and 386 Enhanced Mode "Virtual Device Drivers."    {\b INIedit}
 can be particularly helpful when editing the SYSTEM.INI file (but BE CAREFUL!).  There is one catch, however, as the [386Enh] section of the SYSTEM.INI file breaks an important rule for INI file formatting:  it has many lines with the same keyname (devic
e=) and different values.  {\i  }{\b INIedit} will not allow you to modify the [386Enh] section of SYSTEM.INI for this reason.   If you must edit the [386Enh] section, use the "Edit with Notepad" feature of {\b INIedit}. 
\par {\uldb More Information on SYSTEM.INI and WIN.INI}{\v MoreInfo}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} More Information on SYSTEM.INI and WIN.INI}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} MoreInfo}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} SYSTEM.INI;WIN.INI;More Information}} More Information on SYSTEM.INI and WIN.INI
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
For documentation on many of the sections and keynames in the WIN.INI and SYSTEM.INI files read the files WININI.TXT, WININI2.TXT, SYSINI.TXT, SYSINI2.TXT, and SYSINI3.TXT that were placed in your WINDOWS directory when you installed Windows 3.0.
\par In Windows 3.1 documentation for the WIN.INI and SYSTEM.INI files can be found in the WININI.WRI and SYSINI.WRI files in your WINDOWS directory.
\par The {\b\i Microsoft Windows Resource Kit} is another excellent source of information on the contents of these files.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Using INIedit}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} UsingINIedit}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Using;instructions;how to}} Using INIedit
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The main {\b INIedit} window has four areas of interest:
\par 1)\tab The Menu Bar,
\par 2)\tab the "INI filename:" dropdown combo box,
\par 3)\tab the "Sections/Application Names" box,
\par 4) \tab and the "Name = Value" box.
\par The Menu Bar
\par The menu bar in {\b INIedit} has two top level items on it:  File and About!.  Below are descriptions of each menu item:
\par File.Open...{\b 
\par }
Pops up a dialog box that allows you to select an INI file that is not in your WINDOWS directory.  Some applications choose to store their INI files in their own directory.  The "INI filename" combo box in the main window only contains files found in the 
WINDOWS directory.
\par File.Edit With Notepad{\b 
\par }In some cases you may wish to view and/or edit the current INI file with the Notepad editor.  If you choose this menu item NOTEPAD.EXE will be launched with the current INI filename.
\par {\b INIedit} does not allow you to edit the [386Enh] section of SYSTEM.INI due to the fact that this section is not in the standard Windows INI file format.   Use the {\b File.Edit With Notepad}
 menu item to launch notepad when you wish to edit the [386Enh] section of  SYSTEM.INI.
\par File.Print
\par Prints the current INI file to the the default system printer or the printer specified using the {\b File.Printer Setup...} menu item.
\par File.Printer Setup...
\par Pops up a dialog box that allows you to select and configure the printer you want {\b INIedit} to use when the {\b File.Print} menu item is selected.
\par About!
\par Pops up a dialog box that gives copyright information about {\b INIedit}.  This dialog box also contains the version number of  {\b INIedit} and of  {\b CEKLIB.DLL.}
  When reporting bugs, or requesting help, it is helpful to include these version numbers.  Clicking on the icon in the main window has the same effect as this menu item.
\par The "INI filename" Combo Box
\par This combo box contains all INI files that exist in your WINDOWS directory.  When you select a file in this combo
 box that file becomes the current INI file.  The "Sections/Application Names" list box is filled with all sections in the INI file and the "Keyname=Value" list box is filled with all keynames and values found in the first section of the INI file.  All it
ems are listed in alphabetical order.
\par The "Sections/Applications" Box
\par This box contains a list box with all of  the sections in the current INI file.  You can add a new section using the "Add" button, or delete an existing section using the "Remove" button.  
\par When you highlight a section in this list box, the keynames and values found in that section will be listed in the "Keyname=Value" list box below.
\par {\b CAUTION:}  The "Remove" button is potentially dangerous!  Once you "Remove" a section with this button, that section and ALL of it's keynames and values are removed.  Use with care!
\par The "Keynames=Value" Box
\par This box contains a list box with all of  the keynames and values found in the current section of the current INI file.   
\par The "Add" button allows you to add a new keyname with value.   Be careful that you do not "Add" a keyname that already exists, or you will overwrite it.
\par The "Edit" button allows you to edit the currently highlighted keyname and value.  Double clicking on a keyname has the same effect as pressing the "Edit" button.
\par The "Remove" button will delete the current keyname = value line from the current INI file.  
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Installing INIedit}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} InstallingINIedit}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Installing INIedit;installation}} Installing and Running INIedit
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\b INIedit} is easy to install.  Simply copy the files {\b INIEDIT.EXE} and {\b CEKLIB.DLL} to a directory in your path (many Windows 3 users have a directory called "C:\\WINAPPS").
\par Using {\i Program Manager's} "File.New" menu item, create {\i Program Manager Item} for {\b INIedit}.  
\par To start {\b INIedit}, simply double click on the {\b INIedit} icon.
\par {\b IMPORTANT:}  Make sure the file CEKLIB.DLL is in a directory that is in your PATH statement.
\par {\b Running INIedit}{\b 
\par }To start {\b INIedit}, follow the procedure you would for starting any Windows Application.  If you have created a {\i Program Manager Item} for {\b INIedit}, simply double click on the icon.  You can also double click on "INIEDIT.EXE" from within {\i 
File Manager} or {\i The MS-DOS Executive}. 
\par If  you have not registered your copy of {\b  INIedit} you will be presented with two dialog boxes each time {\b INIedit }starts.  The first dialog box provides information about registering {\b INIedit}
.   The second dialog box provides two edit control in which you will enter your registration Information (See {\uldb Registration Information}{\v\uldb Registration}{\i  }for more information on registration).   
\par Once you enter your registration information these two dialog boxes will not appear again.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Registration Information}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Registration}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 1}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Registration Information;licence;register}} Registration Information
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 INIedit is not and has never been public domain software, nor is it free software.  INIedit is a commercial application distributed as shareware.
\par Non-licensed users are granted a limited license (registration) to use INIedit on a 21-day trial basis for the purpose of determining whether INIedit is suitable for their needs.  The use of INIedit, except for the initial 21-day trial, requires registrat
ion.  The use of unlicensed (un-registered) copies of INIedit by any person, business, corporation, government agency or any other entity is strictly prohibited.
\par A single user license permits a user to use INIedit only on a single computer.  Licensed users may use the program on different computers, but may not use the program on more than one computer at the same time.
\par No one may modify or patch the INIedit executable and documentation files in any way, including but not limited to decompiling, disassembling, or otherwise reverse engineering the program.
\par A limited license is granted to copy and distribute INIedit only for the trial use of others, subject to the above limitations, and also the following:
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\f27 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\fi-720\li1440 \f27\fs20\lang1033 1)\tab INIedit must be copied in unmodified form, complete with the file containing this license information.  
\par 
\par 2)\tab The INIedit product consists of the following files: 
\par \tab INIEDIT.EXE, CEKLIB.DLL, README.TXT, and INIEDIT.HLP.  All of these files must be copied in unmodified form.
\par 
\par 3)\tab INIedit may not be distributed in conjunction with any other product with out a specific license to do so from Charles E. Kindel, Jr.
\par 
\par 4)\tab No fee, charge, or other compensation may be requested or accepted, except as authorized below:
\par 
\par A)\tab 
Operators of electronic bulletin board systems (sysops) may make INIedit available for downloading only as long as the above conditions are met.  An overall or time-dependent charge for the use of the bulletin board system is permitted as long as there is
 not a specific charge for the download of INIedit.
\par \tab 
\par B)\tab Vendors may charge a disk duplication and handling fee, which may not exceed ten dollars.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\f27 
\par }{\f27 The single user registration fee for INIedit 1.3 is $25 (US Dollars).  Payment of this fee entitles you t}{\f27 o:}{\f27 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\fi-720\li1440 \f27\fs20\lang1033 
\par \'bb\tab A registration number that will disable the startup shareware reminder windows contained within the program.
\par 
\par \'bb\tab Free upgrade to all future shareware versions and a discount on future versions that are not distributed as shareware, if any.
\par 
\par \'bb\tab Technical support via electronic mail.
\par \pard\plain \s24\ri-720 \f9\lang1033 {\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 Diskettes containing the latest version of INIedit are available for $15.  The most recent version of INIedit can always be found in the following places:}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s27\fi-720\li1440 \f27\fs20\lang1033 \'bb\tab The IBMSYS, WINNEW, and WINADV, forums on CompuServe.
\par 
\par \'bb\tab The Utilities forum on PC Magazine's PC MAGNET.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s24\ri-720 \f9\lang1033 {\f27\fs20 Site licenses for INIedit are available.  Contact the author for more information.}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\ri-720 \f9\lang1033 {\b\f27\fs20 REGISTERING INIEDIT}{\b\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 INIedit may be registered one of two ways:}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\b\i\f27\fs20 Registration Method #1:}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard \s21\li720\ri-720 {\f27\fs20 Send a check for $25.00 (US Dollars) drawn on a U.S. bank made out to Charles E. Kindel, Jr to:}{\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard \s21\ri-720 {\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard \s21\li720\ri-720 {\f27\fs20 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 22925 N.E. 12th Place}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 Redmond, WA  98053}{\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard \s21\ri-720 {\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard \s21\li720\ri-720 {\f27\fs20 Important points to remember when registering via Mail:}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard \s21\fi-720\li1440\ri-720 {\f27\fs20 \'bb}{\f27\fs20 \tab }{\f27\fs20 The only forms of payment currently accepted are}{\f27\fs20 
 by check for United States dollars drawn on a United States bank (the cost of cashing a check drawn on an international bank is typically $25-$30 which is prohibitively expensive) or cash.  If you do send a check drawn on a U.S. bank, but from an interna
}{\f27\fs20 tional branch, make sure the check clearly states where a U.S. branch of that bank  is located.}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 \'bb}{\f27\fs20 \tab }{\f27\fs20 You can print a }{\f27\fs20\uldb registration form}{\v\f27\fs20 RegistrationForm}{\f27\fs20  by selecting the registration form topic in WinHelp and us}{\f27\fs20 
ing the File.Print... menu item.  Using these forms makes processing orders much easier.}{\f27\fs20 
\par }{\f27\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li1440\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\f27 \'bb}{\f27 \tab }{\f27 Make sure your name and address are clearly legible on the registration form and that you include a first }{\b\f27 and}{\f27  last name.}{\f27 
\par }{\f27 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sb80\sl-240 {\b\i\f27 Registration Method #2:}{\b\i\f27 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440\sb80\sl-240 {\b\i\f27 
\par }\pard \li720\sb80\sl-240 {\f27 
Log onto CompuServe and type "GO SWREG".  This will take you to the Shareware Registration system.  Your CompuServe bill will be charged for the registration fee and your registration number will be sent to you via CompuServe Mail.}{\f27 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sb80\sl-240 {\f27 
\par }\pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb INIedit Registration Form}{\i\v RegistrationForm}
\par {\uldb Limited Warranty}{\i\v Legal}{\i 
\par }{\uldb U.S. Government Restricted Rights}{\i\v GovernmentRights}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 {\f27 \page }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} INIedit Registration Form}}{\f27  }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} RegistrationForm}}{\f27  }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}}{\f27  }{\plain 
\f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} INIedit Registration Form}}{\f27  
\par }\pard\plain \qc\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\b INIedit 1.30}
\par      
\par {\b INVOICE/REGISTRATION FORM}
\par \pard \li120\sb80\sl-240 
\par Remit to:
\par 
\par {\b Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}{\b 
\par }{\b 22925 N.E. 12th Place}{\b 
\par }{\b Redmond, WA  98053}{\b 
\par }
\par {\b Checks must be in U.S. funds, payable by a U.S. Bank.}
\par 
\par NAME: \tab _____________________________________________________
\par 
\par ADDRESS: \tab _____________________________________________________
\par 
\par \tab \tab _____________________________________________________
\par 
\par \tab \tab _____________________________________________________
\par 
\par EMAIL ADDRESS: \tab ______________________________________________
\par 
\par \pard \fi-1440\li2160\sb80\sl-240 _______\tab 
Check here if you want your registration number sent via electronic mail.  If you check here, you will not recieve a registration number via regular mail but you will probably get your registration number sooner.
\par \pard \li720\sb80\sl-240 {\b 
\par }{\b Quantity    }{\b \tab }{\b \tab }{\b Unit Price     }{\b \tab }{\b \tab }{\b Total}{\b 
\par }
\par _______\tab \tab $25.00       \tab \tab _______
\par \pard \li120\sb80\sl-240 
\par                                              \tab \tab \tab Total:\tab _______
\par 
\par Note that INIedit Version 1.3 has been delivered and accepted by the  customer.  Upon receipt of this paid invoice, a registration number will be sent.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Legal Disclaimer}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Legal}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Legal Disclaimer;legal;disclaimer}} Legal Disclaimer
\par \pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Charles E. Kindel, Jr. guarantees your satisfaction with this product for a period of 90 days from the date of original purchase.  If you are unsatisfied with INIedit within that ti
me period contact Charles E. Kindel, Jr. via normal or electronic mail for a full refund.
\par Charles E. Kindel, Jr. warrants that the program will perform in substantial compliance with the documentation supplied with the software product.  If a significant defect in the product is found, the Purchaser may obtain a refund.  In no event will such 
a refund exceed the purchase price of the product.
\par EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE, CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, THE PURCHASER ASSUMES THE RISK OF PAYING THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICI
NG, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION AND ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINES
S INFORMATION AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THIS PRODUCT EVEN IF CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par Use of this product for any period of time constitutes your acceptance of this agreement and subjects you to its contents.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\f27\uldb U.S. Government Restricted Rights}{\v\f27 GovernmentRights}{\f27 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 {\f27 \page }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} U.S. Government Restricted Rights}}{\f27  }{\plain 
\f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} GovernmentRights}}{\f27  }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 1}}{\f27  }
{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Government;Rights;Restricted}}{\f27  U.S. Government Restri}{\f27 cted Rights}{\f27 
\par }\pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\f27 
Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subdivision (b)(3)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at 252.227-7013.  Contractor/manufacturer is Charles E. Kindel, Jr., 22925 N.E
}{\f27 . 12th Place, Redmond, WA 98053.}{\f27 
\par }\pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 {\f27 \page }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Technical Support}}{\f27  }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} TechSupport}}{\f27  }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}}{\f27  }{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Technical Support}}{\f27  Technical Support
\par }\pard\plain \s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Technical support for INIedit is provided to registered users via electronic mail or by FAX.
\par If you are a registered user, you can contact the author for support on CompuServe. Send CompuServe mail to 71551,1455.
\par Questions and suggestions can also be FAXed to the author at (206)868-9591.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\par }