{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss Chicago;}{\f4\froman New York;}{\f5\fswiss Geneva;}{\f6\fmodern Monaco;}{\f7\froman Palatino;}
{\f8\froman Times;}{\f9\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f10\fmodern Courier;}{\f11\fnil BI Letter Gothic BoldSlanted;}{\f12\fnil I Letter Gothic Slanted;}{\f13\fnil CB Helvetica Condensed Bold;}{\f14\fnil CLB Helvetica Condensed Black;}
{\f15\fnil CBI Helvetica Condensed BoldObl;}{\f16\fnil CL Helvetica Condensed Light;}{\f17\fnil CLBI Helvetica Condensed BlackO;}{\f18\fnil CLI Helvetica Condensed LightOb;}{\f19\fmodern Letter Gothic;}{\f20\fnil B Letter Gothic Bold;}
{\f21\fnil C Helvetica Condensed;}{\f22\fnil CI Helvetica Condensed Oblique;}{\f23\fnil MT Extra;}{\f24\fnil MS San Serif;}{\f25\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f26\froman MS Sans Seric;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s223\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 annotation reference;}{\s224\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext224 annotation text;}{\s244\li120\sb80\sl-240 
\f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s251\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon253\snext251 heading 4;}{
\s252\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \snext10 heading 1;}{\s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\snext0 Normal Indent;}{\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext2 Jli;}{\s3\li120\sb60\sl-240\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f10\fs16\lang1033 \snext3 Ex;}{
\s4\li120\sb160\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa1;}{\s5\fi-240\li360\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb1;}{\s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb2;}{\s7\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lp1;}{
\s8\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Th;}{\s9\li115\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Tp;}{\s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\s11\li120\sb120\sa120 
\f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s12\li120\sb120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa2;}{\s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Jl;}{\s14\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext9 Th2;}{\s15\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\fs16\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext9 Th3;}{\s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{
\s17\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Thh;}{\s18\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\tx1915 \f25\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Tph;}}{\info
{\author Charlie Kindel}{\creatim\yr1992\mo12\dy29\min43}{\version1}{\edmins98}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords1530}{\nofchars8713}{\vern16431}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj {\*\template 
C:\\WW2\\WHAT31.DOT}\sectd \linex0 \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Contents for AsyncSrv Help}} {\plain 
\f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Contents}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain 
\f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Contents;Index}} {\fs28 Contents for AsyncSrv Help}
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 This help file documents the user interface and programming interface (API) for the Kindel Async Comm Server.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Introduction to AsyncSrv}{\v Introduction}
\par {\uldb User Interface}{\v UserInterface}
\par {\uldb Application Programming Interface (API)}{\v Contents@api.hlp}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} AsyncSrv Introduction}} {\plain \f25\up6\lang1033 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Introduction}} {\plain \f25\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 1}} {\plain \f25\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Introduction;Concept}} AsyncSrv Introduction
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
AsyncSrv is a general purpose Asyncrhonous Communications application that has been designed to be used as an interface for Windows applications to dialup services such as CompuSrv.  AsyncSrv has only a rudimentary user interface that is intended for debu
gging purposes only.  It's real power comes from it's flexibility and adaptibility to any task.
\par Applications communicate with AsyncSrv primarily through DDE (Dynamic Data Excange).  Unlike most communications applications which are typically DDE clients, A
syncSrv is primarily a DDE server.  Client applications submit requests and commands to AsyncSrv, and AsyncSrv carries those request and commands out on the host.
\par AsyncSrv uses the latest and most advanced Windows communications technology.  It is capable of operating at high speeds while allowing your other applications to run at the same time in the foreground.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Potential Uses for AsyncSrv}{\v Potential}
\par {\uldb Product Features}{\v Features}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Features}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Features}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 200}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Features}} Product Features
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 File Transfer Protocols
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
AsyncSrv supports file transfer protocols through add on DLLs.  Just about any concievable protocol can be added.  Currently ZMODEM is the only protocol implemented, but CIS Quick B is soon to follow.  Other concievable protocols would be XMODEM, YMODEM, 
and KERMIT.
\par Note that it might also be possible to use the file transfer protocol interfaces to develop specific DLLs for different online interfaces.  For example there might be a COMPUSRV protocol that facilitated the CompuServe HMI (Host Micro Interface) protocol.

\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Terminal Emulation
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Because most of the communications that AsyncSrv will do is non-interactive only the most common termnial emulators are necessary.  Currently TTY is available but ANSI/VT100 is in the works.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Scripting Language
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
Like most communications programs available for Windows AsyncSrv includes a scripting language.  In the initial version the scripting language is simple but flexible.  The scripting language is used to control the communications sessions only
.  It is not intended to be used to create fancy user interfaces or do calculations.  The client applicaiton is responsible for providing that kind of functionality.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Self Updating
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
AsyncSrv has the ability to update itself (including any client applications that use it).  The client application, if it detects that newer executable files are available on the host, can instruct AsyncSrv to use protocol file transfer to download the ne
wer files.  AsnycSrv then uses a helper application (AsyncUp) to update the client programs and AsnycSrv itself.
\par This eliminates many support problems and allows the vendor to distribute updates to customers much more easily.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Potential Uses for AsyncSrv}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Potential}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 200}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Potential Uses for AsyncSrv}} Potential Uses for AsyncSrv
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Investment Anaysis Data Collection
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 CompuServe contains several financial information sources that allow real and almost real time access to securities quotes, histories, and other information.  Microsoft Excel could be extended through a {
\i Microsoft Excel AddOn} to automatically communicate with CompuServe via AsyncSrv to allow easy access to this data.
\par From within Excel, a user could specify ticker symbols in a column of a spreadsheet, choose a menu item, and Excel would instruct AsyncSrv to log onto CompuServe and download the latest stock quote for the specified ticker symbols.  
\par The user could also obtain historical information about a stock which would be graphed within Excel for the user.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Shareware Distribution and Registration
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
Currently there are litterly hundreds of places users can look for shareware titles.  Once they obtain the shareware it is often difficult to register the software with the author.  A Windows application could be developed that used AsyncSrv to communicat
e with the Shareware Registration Database on CompuSrv (GO SWREG).
\par This application would collect the list of all titles from the database, log off, and let the user choose the titles he was interested in.  The program would then log onto CompuServe, acces
s the appropriate forum and library, and download the software to the users system.  
\par The user could register shareware by selecting the title to register and choosing a menu item.  The program would log onto CompuServe via AsyncSrv and would enter the order in GO SWREG for the user.
\par This same system could also be developed for other electronic shareware distribution points.  For example, a shareware vendor may have a BBS system dedicated to distributing it's shareware.  An application using AsyncSrv coul
d offer a simple user interface for both obtaining and paying for shareware.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} User Interface}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} UserInterface}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 2}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} User Interface;Interface;UI}} User Interface
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 
The user interface for AsyncSrv is simple.  It includes a main window, various status dialog boxes, and several setup dialog boxes.  In most cases the main window is hidden from the user (it is typically only shown during debugging).
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Main Window}{\v MainWindow}
\par {\uldb Status Dialogs}{\v StatusDialogs}
\par {\uldb Setup Dialogs}{\v SetupDialogs}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Main Window}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} MainWindow}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 100}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Main Window;User Interface}} Main Window
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The main window of the AsyncSrv application is normally hidden from the users view.  It can be shown, however, through the use of either a command line switch, DDE command, or INI file entry.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The main window contains a main menu, a terminal window, and a status bar.  The main window is sizeable and may be minimized or maximized just like most Windows applications.
\par \pard\plain \s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\uldb Top Level Menu}{\v Menu}
\par {\uldb Terminal Window}{\v Terminal}
\par {\uldb Status Window}{\v Status}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} The AsyncSrv Menu}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Menu}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Menu;Top Level Menu}} The AsyncSrv Top Level Menu
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 The top level menu contains the File, Settings, and Help menu items.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 File
\par \pard \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 Open Log File...
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Allows you to create a new log file or open an existing one to be appended to.  Log files contain a transcript of all communications that occured between the hos
t (remote system) and AsyncSrv.  The log files include the raw data that was transfered as well as indication of events.  Note that raw data transfered during a protocol file transfer is not logged.
\par The log file can be specifed via the /L command line switch.  
\par The log file can also be opened via a DDE command.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Log to file
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 This menu turns file logging on and off.  If t
his menu item is checked logging is enabled, otherwise it is disabled.  Logging is always appended to the current log file (specified by the Open Log File... menu item). 
\par If no log file has been specified, you will be prompted.
\par Logging can also be turned on or off via DDE commands.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Clear Log File
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Erases the contents of the current log file, preserving only the logging options (set via the Logging Options menu item under the Settings Menu).
\par The Log file can also be cleared via a DDE command.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Exit
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Shut down AsyncSrv and exit.  If AsyncSrv has a DDE session open, or a comm session open it will prompt first.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Settings
\par \pard \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 Display...
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Sets display options such as scroll back buffer size, terminal width (in characters), and possibly terminal emulation (currently only TTY is provided).
\par \pard\plain \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Display Font...
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Sets the font used in the terminal window.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Display Colors...
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Pops up a dialog box that allows you to change the colors for the AsyncSrv terminal window.  The foreground and background colors of all the types of text (sent, received, comm errors,  state changes).

\par \pard\plain \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Logging Options...
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Allows you to set logging options for the current log file.  Logging options are stored within the log file so that multiple log files can be used to log different kinds of events.
\par Logging options can also be set programatically via DDE commands.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Debug
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 This menu is only visible in the debugging version of AsyncSrv.  It pops up a dialog that allows you to set debugging options.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 Help
\par \pard \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 Contents
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 This help file.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li720\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f25\fs20\lang1033 About...
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 Copyright window and version information.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f25\lang1033 \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Terminal Window}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Terminal}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K} Terminal Window;Terminal;TTY}} Terminal Window
\par \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Status Window}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #} Status}} 
{\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 0}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K}
 Status Window;Status;Status Bar}} Status Window
\par \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Status Dialogs}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #}
 StatusDialogs}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 101}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K}
 Status Dialogs;User Interface}} Status Dialogs
\par \page {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 $} Setup Dialogs}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 #}
 SetupDialogs}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 +} 102}} {\plain \f25\fs18\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f25\fs20\lang1033 {\fs18\up6 K}
 Setup Dialogs;User Interface}} Setup Dialogs
\par }