{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss Univers (W1);}{\f4\fmodern Courier;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s244\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs18\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{
\s251\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon253\snext251 heading 4;}{\s252\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f3\lang1033 \snext10 heading 1;}{\s255\li360\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal Indent;}{\li120\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext2 Jli;}{
\s3\li120\sb60\sl-240\keep\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f4\fs16\lang1033 \snext3 Ex;}{\s4\li120\sb160\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa1;}{\s5\fi-240\li360\sl-240\tx360 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb1;}{\s6\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\tx360 
\f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lb2;}{\s7\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext6 Lp1;}{\s8\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext9 Th;}{\s9\li115\sb60\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 
\snext9 Tp;}{\s10\li120\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\s11\li120\sb120\sa120 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s12\li120\sb120\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Sa2;}{\s13\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \snext13 Jl;}{
\s14\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon8\snext9 Th2;}{\s15\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f3\fs16\lang1033 
\sbasedon8\snext9 Th3;}{\s16\li115\sb200\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{\s17\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f3\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Thh;}{
\s18\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\tx1915 \f3\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext18 Tph;}}{\info{\author Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}{\creatim\yr1992\mo12\dy30\hr15\min21}{\version1}{\edmins95}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords66556}{\nofchars71370}{\vern16417}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 {\*\template C:\\WW2\\WHAT30.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f3\lang1033 Windows to CompuServe Shareware Access System Proposal
\par \pard\plain \li720\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 {\f2 
The following is a proposal for a Microsoft Windows based Shareware distribution and registration system.  The contents of this proposal are Copyright (c) 1992 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.  All rights reserved.}
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f3\lang1033 Introduction
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 
This proposal is for a Windows to CompuServe Shareware Access System (WCSAS) that would allow potential shareware customers to easily find, obtain, and pay for shareware.  In a nutshell, the system would include a Windows font end application that would p
resent the user with a list of available shareware applications, and would communicate with CompuServe or another back end system to download the shareware.
\par The idea for this product was spawned by the creation of the GO SWREG forum on CompuServe.  By typi
ng "GO SWREG" while connected to compuserve, users can search for shareware titles, find out where the shareware is on CompuServe, and register titles by having their CompuServe account charged.  
\par WCSAS would be an easy to use, efficient interface to this service.  A typical usage scenario would be as follows (assumes the user has already downloaded WCSAS and has installed it, entering his User ID and other configuration information):
\par \pard \fi-360\li480\sb80\sl-240 1.\tab Runs WCSAS on his system.
\par 2.\tab WCSAS asks the user if he wants to connect to CompuServe right now to update the Title Database.  The user says Yes.
\par 3.\tab 
WCSAS's communications engine connects to CompuServe and uses a protocol transfer to download the latest Title Database (in compressed form).  If the Title Database is not out of date it is not downloaded.  After finishing the download, WCSAS disconnects 
from CompuServe.
\par 4.\tab The user is then presented with a List View of all available shareware.  The user takes advantage of the filter options to narrow the list down to WINDOWS UTILITIES.  The list now contains 42 one line descriptions of titles.
\par 5.\tab 
From this list of 42 Windows utilities, the user double clicks on one of the titles and is presented with a popup that contains the abstract.  The user dismisses the abstract and decides he wants this title so he checks a check box next to it.  The title 
he choose was "WinPrint".
\par 6.\tab The user repeats step 5 above for several more titles.  He chooses "INIedit", "WinMem", and "WinBatch".  Now the list contains 42 items, but four of them have check marks next to them indicating they will be downloaded.
\par 7.\tab 
From a menu item or toolbar button, the user tells WCSAS to download the selected items.  WCSAS connects to CompuServe, uses the title location information found in the database to "GO" to the forum and library where "WinPrint" can be downloaded from, and
 begins downloading WINPRT.EXE using a protocol download.
\par 8.\tab Once WINPRT.EXE has been downloaded, WCSAS repeats step 7 for each of the other three files.  If WCSAS enters a forum where the user has not been before, the user will be prompted to join that forum.  WCSAS will handle this automatically.
\par 9.\tab After all the files have been downloaded, WCSAS disconnects from CompuServe.
\par 10.\tab The user shuts down WCSAS and uncompresses and tries out the utilities he just downloaded.  He decides he really likes WinPrint and wants to pay the registration fee for it.
\par 11.\tab The user runs WCSAS again.  From the main menu, he chooses "Register Shareware".  He is presented with a list of applications he has downloaded in the past ("WinPrint", "INIedit", "WinMem", and "WinBatch").  From this list, he chooses "WinPrint".

\par 12.\tab WCSAS verifies that the user wants to pay $$ dollars for WinPrint, displaying the GO SWREG disclaimer and policies.  
\par 13.\tab If the user agrees, WCSAS connects to CompuServe, goes to the SWREG forum, and automatically processes the order.  WCSAS then disconnects from CompuServe.
\par 14.\tab If the registration process completes successfully, the user will be presented with a popup reminding him that his CIS account was charged, and that he should expect a registration number from the author.
\par \pard \li120\sb80\sl-240 This document describes the proposed features and capabilities of the font end application as well as what the back end needs to do in order to support those features.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f3\lang1033 \page Front End
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 The front end application for WCSAS would consist of three logical components:  The Database, The Select Titles User Interface, The Register User Interface, and the Communications Engine.
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f3\fs20\lang1033 The Database
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 
The database of titles (Title Database or Registration Database) would be retrived from CompuServe via file transfer.  It's contents would be essentially the same as the current SWREG Registration Database.  At this point, it 
is not clear whether the SWREG registration database is available for download as a file.  The availability of this feature is essential for reliable operaion (i.e. a protocol file transfer is less error prone than a text dump).
\par \pard\plain \s253\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240 \b\f3\fs20\lang1033 The Select Titles User Interface
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 
This is an interface that allows the user to view, search, and select shareware titles for download.   The view window will be a multiple selection listbox.  This means the user would be able to select more than one file at a time for downloading.
\par The user will be able to view the list of titles in either short format or long format.   
\par In Short Format the user would see a list of one line descriptions.  While viewing in Short Format the user would be able to pop up the abstract for a specific title by double clicking on the item in the list.
\par The Long Format listing would include the full text of the abstract in the list.  Double clicking on an item while in Long Format mode would do nothing.
\par Menu items will be available to allow the user to change sorting options.  For example the user could choose to sort by filename, author, or category.
\par Search and filter options will allow the user to limit the contents of the view by specifiing search criteria or by specifing exclude criteria.  For example the user will be able to show all applications with a keyword of "WINDOWS" that do not also have "
3.0" as a keyword.
\par \pard\plain \s254\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320 \b\f3\lang1033 \page Back End
\par \pard\plain \s10\li120\sl-240 \f3\fs20\lang1033 This section describes the back end or CompuSrve part.
\par }