{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1024{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f4\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f5\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f6\fswiss Helv;}{\f7\froman Palatino;}
{\f8\fmodern Courier;}{\f9\fmodern Courier New;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\s230\li1440\ri720\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 
\f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s231\li720\ri720\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s232\ri720\tldot\tx8280\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s239 \f5\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s240 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 line number;}{\s242\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244 
\f5\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s248\li720 \i\f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720\sb240\sa240\keepn \f5\fs20\lang1033 \snext255 heading 6;}{
\s250\li720\sb240\sa240\keepn \i\f5\fs20\lang1033 \snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li720\sb240\sa240\keepn \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 \snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\sb240\sa240\keepn \f5\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 
\sbasedon9\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720\ri720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\f5\fs20\lang1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\box\brdrsh\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f5\fs20\lang1033 
\sbasedon0\snext2 Boxed;}{\s3\fi-720\li1440 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext3 List;}{\s4\li864 \f7\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext4 ListIndented1;}{\s5 \i\f7\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext5 aa;}{\s6\li900 \f7\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext6 Level3;}{\s7\li450 
\f7\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext7 Level2;}{\s8\fi-720\li720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext8 H-Indent0;}{\s9\ri-720 \b\f4\fs20\uldb\lang1033 \sbasedon0\snext9 Label2;}}{\info{\title WinPrint Help Index file}{\author Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}
{\operator Charlie Kindel}{\creatim\yr1991\mo10\dy24\hr17\min29}{\revtim\yr1992\mo5\dy20\hr15\min29}{\version72}{\edmins1100}{\nofpages587}{\nofwords69288}{\nofchars65553}{\vern16417}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\hyphhotz0 \sectd \linex0\endnhere \pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 #} CONTENTS_1_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Contents}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents}}{\f6  }
{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0005}}{\f6  Contents}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \qc \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f6 WinPrint Version 1.5}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 "A unique solution for the control of}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 printing ASCII files using the power}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 of the Microsoft Windows printer interface."}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 - Howard Sobel, WUGNET}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }\pard \qc\ri-720 {\f6\uldb Limited Warranty}{\v\f6 LIMITEDWARRANTY_54_1}{\f6 
\par }{\f6\uldb Special Thanks}{\v\f6 SPECIALTHANKS_58_1}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint is a shareware application for Windows 3.x that allows easy printing of ASCII text files from within the Windows environment.  For information on registering your copy of WinPrint please read the }{\f6\uldb Registration Information}{\v\f6 
REGISTRATIONINF_51_1}{\f6  section.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 Have you Registered This Copy of WinPrint Yet?}{\b\i\f6 
\par }\pard \li720\ri-720 {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Overview{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 OVERVIEW_2_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Procedures{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 PROCEDURES_15_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Main Window Controls{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MAINWINDOWCONTR_22_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Menu Commands{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MENUCOMMANDS_32_1}{\plain \i\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Drag and Drop{\plain \v\f5\fs20\lang1033 DRAGANDDROP_19_1}{\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Command Line Interface{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Registration Information{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 REGISTRATIONINF_51_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Distribution Files{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 DISTRIBUTIONFIL_52_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Copyright }{\b\f6 \'a9}{\b\f6  1989-1992 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}{\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Portions Copyright }{\b\f6 \'a9}{\b\f6  1987-1992 Microsoft Corp.}{\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Miscellaneous{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MISCELLANEOUS_56_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} OVERVIEW_2_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Overview}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Overview}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0010}}{\f6  Overview}{\f6 

\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint is a Windows 3.x utility for printing }{\f6\ul ASCII}{\f6  text files easily and efficiently in Windows.  It allows you to easily select the files to print}{\f6 
, choose formatting options, and print to any printer supported by the Windows environment.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint provides the following major features:}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Spooling{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SPOOLING_3_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Multiple Columns (or "n pages up"){\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MULTIPLECOLUMNS_4_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Headers and Footers{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 HEADERSANDFOOTE_5_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Margin Control{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MARGINCONTROL_6_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Font Control{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 FONTCONTROL_7_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Tab and Form Feed Support{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 TABANDFORMFEEDS_8_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Multiple Saved Configuration{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MULTIPLESAVEDCO_9_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Command Line Invocation{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 COMMANDLINEINVO_10_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }On-Line Help{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 ONLINEHELP_11_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Overview of Fonts{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 OVE}{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 RVIEWOFFONTS_12_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Overview of Printer Drivers{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 OVERVIEWOFPRINT_13_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SPOOLING_3_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Spooling}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Spooling}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0015}}{\f6  Spooling}{\f6 

\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 WinPrint uses the Windows }{\f6\ul Print Manager}{\f6 
 to effectively manage its output.  You can print many files at once and still get other work done on your computer.  WinPrint allows you to select multiple files to be printed as one job or each file can be printed separately.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MULTIPLECOLUMNS_4_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Multiple Columns (or "n pages up")}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Multiple Columns (or "n pages up")}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0020}}{\f6  Multiple Columns (or "n pages up")
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 You can configure WinPrint to print your files in one or more columns per page.  If you set your printer to print in }{\f6\ul landscape mode}{\f6 
,  and choose 2 columns, you can easily fit two 80 column by 66 line pages on each sheet of paper.  Printing files "2 pages up" can save considerable amounts of paper!}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} HEADERSANDFOOTE_5_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Headers and Footers}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Headers and Footers}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0025}}{\f6  Headers and Footers
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 Headers and footers can be printed on each page.  They can contain the name of the file, the time and date the file was last revised, the current time and date, and page numbers.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MARGINCONTROL_6_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Margin Control}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Margin Control}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0030}}{\f6  Margin Control
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 Top, left, bottom, and right margins can be set using either inches or the metric system.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} FONTCONTROL_7_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Font Control}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Font Control}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0035}}{
\f6  Font Control
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 WinPrint allows the user to select fonts, }{\f6\ul point}{\f6  sizes, and }{\f6\ul print attributes}{\f6  such as bold and italic.  Headers/Footers and the text being printed can use different fonts and attributes.}{
\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} TABANDFORMFEEDS_8_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Tab and Form Feed Support}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Tab and Form Feed Support}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0040}}{\f6  Tab and Form Feed Support}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
Many files that you might want to print on your PC contain Tab and Form Feed characters.  WinPrint can be set to convert tab characters to any number of spaces, or to ignore them.  WinPrint also "understands" form feeds and takes approp}{\f6 riate action.
}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MULTIPLESAVEDCO_9_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Multiple Saved Configuration}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Multiple Saved Configuration}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0045}}{\f6  Multiple Saved Configuration
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
WinPrint can save it's configuration for each type of file you print.  For example you might have one configuration named "SourceCode" that would print your files in landscape mode with 2 pages up.  At the same time you could also have a configuration nam
}{\f6 ed "Documentation".  This configuration would be used to print shareware documentation in portrai}{\f6 t mode with no margins or headers and footers.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} COMMANDLINEINVO_10_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Command Line Invocation}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Command Line Invocation}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0050}}{\f6  Command Line Invocation}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
While WinPrint has a carefully crafted user interface that takes full advantage of the Windows Graphical User Interface, all options can be set from the command line.  This enables you to run WinPrint transparently from a program or file manager such as W
}{\f6 ilson WindowWare's Command Post.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ONLINEHELP_11_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} On-Line Help}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} On-Line Help}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0055}}{
\f6  On-Line Help
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 WinPrint is equipped with on-line documentation.  Complete documentation of all features is available at any time with the push of a button or pull of a menu.}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} OVERVIEWOFFONTS_12_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Overview of Fonts}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Overview of Fonts}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0060}}{\f6  Overview}{\f6  of Fonts}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 There are several types of f}{\f6 onts in Windows, and WinPrint allows you to choose between them.  In order to understand how WinPrint deals with the various types of fonts, a description of fonts is in order.}
{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Types of Fonts}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 There are three basic types of fonts in Windows: }{\b\f6 raster}{\f6 , }{\b\f6 vector}{\f6 , and }{\b\f6 device}{\f6 .  }{\b\f6 Raster}{\f6 
 fonts are fonts that are made up of bitmapped images.  They are usually limited to specific sizes and do not look very good when output at sizes different then those directly supported.  Examples of raster fonts in Windows are }{\i\f6 Tms }{\i\f6 Rmn}{
\f6 , }{\i\f6 Helv}{\f6 , }{\i\f6 MS Sans Serif}{\f6 , and }{\i\f6 MS Serif}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Vector fonts are fonts that are made up of lines and curves.  They are capable of being output at many sizes, but tend to look poor at very small sizes.  Examples of vector fonts are }{\i\f6 Roman}{\f6  and }{\i\f6 Script}{\f6 
.  TrueType fonts and other "scalable" fonts can also be considered vector fonts.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Device fonts are fonts that are supported by a hardware device.  They may be raster (in the case of the }{\i\f6 HP LaserJet II}{\f6  or }{\i\f6 Epson}{\f6  dot matrix printers) or vector (in the case of }{\i\f6 Postscript}{\f6  or }{\i\f6 
HP LaserJet III}{\f6  printers). }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Proportional vs. Fixed Width Fonts}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Beyond the basic font types, there are two other categories of fonts:  }{\i\f6 Proportional }{\f6 and }{\i\f6 Fixed Width}{\f6 .  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\i\f6 Proportional}{\f6  fonts are also sometimes referred to as }{\i\f6 Proportionally Spaced }{\f6 or }{\i\f6 Variable Spaced}{\f6 
.  In a proportionally spaced font the width of different characters in the font are different.  For example the letter 'i' is not as wide as the letter 'm'.  Examples of proportional fonts are }{\i\f6 Tms Rmn, Helv, MS Sans Serif, MS Serif, Times Ne}{
\i\f6 w Roman, }{\f6 and }{\i\f6 Arial}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\i\f6 Fixed Width }{\f6 fonts are sometimes called }{\i\f6 Monospaced }{\f6 or}{\i\f6  Fixed Pitch.}{\f6   In a fixed width font all characters in the font have the same width. This paragraph is displayed in }{\i\f6 Courier}{\f6 
 which is a fixed width font.  Notice the letter 'i' takes up as much horizontal space as the letter 'm'.  Other examples of fixed width fonts are }{\i\f6 OEMfixed, Line Printer, }{\f6 and most device fonts found in dot matrix printers.}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Font Sizes}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint, and most word processing software, measure font size in }{\b\f6 points}{\f6 .  A}{\f6  point is defined as 1/72nd of an inch.  The point size only applies to the height of the font.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} OVERVIEWOFPRINT_13_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Overview of Printer Drivers}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Overview of Printer Drivers}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0065}}{\f6  Overview of Printer Drivers
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Windows provides applications such as WinPrint an easy to use interface to hundreds of different printer models through printer drivers.  You can setup Windows for any number of different printers either when you initially install Windows or by using the 
}{\f6 Windows Control Panel }{\f6 \{}{\f6 bmc control.bmp}{\f6 \}}{\f6 (CONTROL.EXE).}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Unfortunately the quality of the printer drivers shipped with Windows 3.0 varies wildly.  WinPrint attempts to circumvent many of the known bugs in some of the drivers, but there are still problems.  Most of the problems that you may come across with WinP
}{\f6 rint are addressed in the }{\f6\uldb Printer Driver Bugs}{\v\f6 PRINTERDRIVERBU_14_1}{\f6  section.  Versions of Windows greater than 3.0a will have printer drivers that are much better across the board.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If you feel that W}{\f6 inPrint is not outputting as you think it should please read the }{\f6\uldb Printer Driver Bugs}{\v\f6 PRINTERDRIVERBU_14_1}{\f6 
 section before blaming WinPrint.  In many cases there are newer drivers available from either Microsoft or your printer manufacturer.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} PRINTERDRIVERBU_14_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Printer Driver Bugs}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer Driver Bugs}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0070}}{\f6  Printer Driver Bugs
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 Many Windows 3.0 printer drivers have serious bugs.  This section is an attempt to give y}{\f6 ou an idea of what drivers are particularly bad, and what you can do to get around the problems caused by the bugs.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
The printer drivers listed below as being "buggy" are Windows 3.0 and Windows 3.0a printer drivers.  Your printer manufacturer or Microsoft may have an updated driver at this time.  In instances where a fixed driver is known to be available, note is made 
}{\f6 below.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 Extended Device Mode Bugs}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Almost all of the dot matrix printer drivers shipped with Windows 3.0 and 3.0a fail to implement an i}{\f6 mportant feature of Windows 3.0 device drivers, the }{\i\f6 Extended Device Mode}{\f6 
 function.  The result of this is that it is impossible for applications to change printer settings such as page orientation or print quality programmatically.  With these drivers, the only way to change these settings is through the Control Panel.  Chang
}{\f6 es made through the control panel are system wide.  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint has been designed to only change printer settings locally (i.e. changes made in WinPrint do not affect other application}{\f6 
s.)  If you use a printer driver that does not implement the Extended Device Mode function you will not be able to change printer settings from within WinPrint.  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The following Windows 3.0 printer drivers are known to not implement the Extended Device Mode function:}{\f6 
\par }\pard \li720\ri-720 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 - All EPSON 9 pin drivers (EPSON.DRV) }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 - All EPSON 24 pin drivers (EPSON24.DRV)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 - All IBM ProPrinter drivers (PROPRINT.DRV)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 - All Okidata dot matrix printers}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 - The Generic Text Only driver (TTY.DRV)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of drivers that do not support Extended Device Mode.  You can tell if the driver you are using supports Extended Device Mode if the }{\b\f6 Options...}{\f6  button in the }{\b\f6 
Print Setup}{\f6  dialog box is enabled.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 Low Resolution Font Selection Bugs}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Many dot matrix printer drivers do not correctly tell applications what their settings are when they are in their lowest resolution mode.   WinPrint gets around this bug for the most part when you print using }{\f6\uldb Device Fonts}{\f6 
.  But if yo}{\f6 u try to print }{\f6\uldb Vector or Raster fonts}{\f6  you will find that WinPrint uses fonts that are much larger than you asked for.  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Typically you will have to put the printer in its lowest resolution mode (120 x 72 on the EPSON drivers, for example) for this to happen.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 You can get around this bug by only selecting device fonts or by changing the resolution of the driver in Control Panel to a higher resolution.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Some printer drivers that exhibit this behavior are:}{\f6 
\par }\pard \li720\ri-720 {\f6 - All EPSON 9 pin drivers (EPSON.DRV) }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 - All E}{\f6 PSON 24 pin drivers (EPSON24.DRV)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 - All IBM ProPrinter drivers (PROPRINT.DRV)}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 Updated Printer Drivers}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
In October of 1990 Microsoft released the Supplemental Drivers Library that contained many printer drivers that fixed some of the known bugs.  You can get the SDL by calling Microsoft or you can download updated drivers from the MSOPSYS forum on CompuServ
}{\f6 e.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} PROCEDURES_15_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Procedures}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Procedures}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0075}}{\f6 
 Procedures
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Starting WinPrint{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 STARTINGWINPRIN_16_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Selecting Files For Printing{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SELECTINGFILESF_17_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Selecting Fonts{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SELECTINGFONTS_18_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Drag and Drop{\v DRAGANDDROP_19_1}{\v 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} STARTINGWINPRIN_16_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Starting WinPrint}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Starting WinPrint}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0080}}{\f6  Starting WinPrint
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6\up6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint can be started in any of several ways; from a Program Manager icon, the File Manager, or by another application.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Once WinPrint begins executing several things happen.  First WinPrint checks to see if you are a registered us}{\f6 
er or not.  If you are not, two windows will appear; one after the other.  The first window gives you information regarding WinPrint such as the version number and registration instructions.  Click on the "Ok" button to continue.  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The second window is the }{\b\f6 Registration Window}{\f6 
.  This window is provided to give you an opportunity to enter your registration number if you are registered user.   It also provides a button that will allow you print a registration form that you can send in along with your regist}{\f6 
ration payment.  See }{\f6\uldb Registering WinPrint}{\v\f6 REGISTRATIONINF_51_1}{\f6  for more information on registering WinPrint. }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 After WinPrint checks the registration information, it checks to see if you have used WinPrint before.  If you have, the configuration WinPrint used that last time it was run is loaded.  Otherwise WinPrint sets all options to their }{\f6\ul 
Factory Defaults}{\f6 . }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint can also be started with command line options.  See }{\f6\uldb Starting WinPrint with Command Line Options}{\v\f6 STARTINGWINPRIN_16_1}{\f6  for more information.}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SELECTINGFILESF_17_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Selecting Files For Printing}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting Files For Printing}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0085}}{\f6  Selecting Files For Printing
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint can print several files at once.  The files that will be printed are displayed in the listbox and are placed in the other listbox by using the }{\b\f6 Select}{\f6  button.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SELECTINGFONTS_18_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Selecting Fonts}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selecting Fonts}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0090}}{\f6  Selecting Fonts
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint allows you to select the font, font size, and font style for both the text and headers and footers of your printouts.  To change the font for the text select the }{\f6\uldb Options.Text...}{\v\f6 TEXT..._37_1}{\f6 
 menu item.  To change the font for your headers and footers select the }{\f6\uldb Options.Headers/Footers...}{\v\f6 HEADERSANDFOOTE_38_1}{\f6  menu items.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Overview Of Fonts{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 OVERVIEWOFFONTS_12_1}{\ul 
\par }Overview Of Printer Drivers{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 OVERVIEWOFPRINT_13_1}{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 
\par {\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} DRAGANDDROP_19_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Drag and Drop}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Drag and Drop}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0095}
}{\f6  Drag and Drop
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
WinPrint fully supports the Windows 3.1 Drag Drop interface from the FileManager.  This means that you can select files in the File Manager, drag them to the WinPrint window (or icon), and drop them by releasing the mouse button.  If WinPrint is minimized
}{\f6  when you drop files on it, WinPrint will begin printing those files immediately.  If WinPrint is not minimized, the files will be added to the Selected Files listbox.}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint has been optimized }{\f6 
to work closely with the Windows 3.1 File Manager.  It fully supports drag and drop operations.  In fact, the recommended way for using WinPrint is to set it up with your favorite options, minimize it, and drop files on it at will!  You can even have seve
}{\f6 ral copies of WinPrint minimized, each with a separate configuration loaded (see WinPrint Command Line Interface for information on how to start WinPrint with a specific configuration).}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720\ri-720 {\b\f6\uldb Printing From the Windows File Manager}{\v\f6 PRINTINGFROMTHE_20_1}{\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6\uldb File Ass}{\b\f6\uldb ociations and the Registration Database}{\v\f6 FILEASSOCIATION_21_1}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} PRINTINGFROMTHE_20_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Printing From the Windows File Manager}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printing From the Windows File Manager}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0100}}{\f6  Printing From the Windows File Manager
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint has been optimized to work closely with the Windows 3.1 File Manager.  It fully supports drag and drop operations.  In fact, the recommended way for using WinPrint is t}{\f6 
o set it up with your favorite options, minimize it, and drop files on it at will!  You can even have several copies of WinPrint minimized, each with a separate configuration loaded (see WinPrint Command Line Interface for information on how to start WinP
}{\f6 rint with a specific configuration).}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 You can also print files by choosing the File.Print... menu item.}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Drag and Drop{\plain \v\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 DRAGANDDROP_19_1}{\plain \v\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} FILEASSOCIATION_21_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} File Associations and the Registration Database}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} File Associations and the Registration Database}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0105}}{\f6  File Associations and the Registration Database
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 See the Microsoft Windows 3.1 Users Guide for information on setting up Windows so that the File.Print command in the File Manager will print your ASCII files with WinPrint.}{\b\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Drag and Drop{\v DRAGANDDROP_19_1}{\up6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MAINWINDOWCONTR_22_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Main Window Controls}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Main Window Controls}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0110}}{\f6  Main Window Controls
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The }{\i\f6 WinPrint Window}{\f6  contains several buttons, edit controls, and list boxes (controls) for choosing and printing files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
The main window is split into two boxes.  The box on the top allows you to select files and to see what files are selected for printing.  Near the bottom of the main window is a box that WinPrint uses to display useful information about the current settin
}{\f6 gs.}{\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Select file spec Edit Box{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SELECTFILESPECE_23_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Select Button{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SELECTBUTTON_24_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }List Button{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 LISTBUTTON_25_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Remove Button{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 REMOVEBUTTON_26_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Print Selected Files Button{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 PRINTSELECTEDFI_27_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Choose Files List Box{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 CHOOSEFILESLIST_28_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Selected Files List Box{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SELECTEDFILESLI_29_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Information Box{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 INFORMATIONBOX_30_1}{\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Caption{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 CAPTION_31_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Menu Commands{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MENUCOMMANDS_32_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \li720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SELECTFILESPECE_23_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Select file spec Edit Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Select file spec Edit Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0115}}{\f6  Select file spec Edit Box
\par }\pard\plain \li1440 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 This edit box contains the file specification that}{\f6 
 is to be either selected for printing or listed.  The file specification in this box affects the operation of both the "Select" and "List" buttons.  If the "Select file spec" edit box contains a file specification with DOS wild cards in it then the "List
}{\f6 " button will be enabled.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SELECTBUTTON_24_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Select Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Select Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0120}
}{\f6  Select Button}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \li1440 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 Clicking on this button will cause the file specification}{\f6  contained in the "Select file spec" edit box to be selected for printing}{\f6 .  If the file specification contains wild cards all files in the specif}{\f6 
ied directory matching the wild card will be selected for printing.  If the file specification is simply a filename, then just that file will be selected for printing.  If the "Select file spec" edit box is empty this button will be disabled.}{\f6 
\par }\pard \li1440 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} LISTBUTTON_25_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} List Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} List Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0125}}{
\f6  List Button
\par }\pard\plain \li864 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 This bu}{\f6 
tton will use the file specification in the "Select file spec" edit box to change to contents of the current file list box (on the left).  The "List" button only has an affect when the file specification has a wild card in it or indicates a change in the 
}{\f6 current directory or drive.}{\f6 
\par }\pard \li432 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} REMOVEBUTTON_26_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Remove Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Remove Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0130}
}{\f6  Remove Button
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 If any files have been selected and appear in the selected files list box you may use this button to un-select them.  This butto}{\f6 n will be disabled if there are no selected files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} PRINTSELECTEDFI_27_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Print Selected Files Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Print Selected Files Button}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 
{\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0135}}{\f6  Print Selected Files Button
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 After one or more files have been selected (i.e. they appear in the list box to the right) clicking on the "Print Selected Files" button will initiate the printing.  The files will be printed in the order they appear in the selected files list box.}
{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} CHOOSEFILESLIST_28_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Choose Files List Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Choose Files List Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +
} WINPRINT:0140}}{\f6  Choose Files List Box
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 There are two list boxes on WinPrint's main Window.  The one on the left is referred to as the }{\b\f6 Choose Files}{\f6  list box.  You use this list box in conjunction with the }{\b\f6 List}{\f6  button, }{\b\f6 Select}{\f6  button, and }{\b\f6 
File Spec}{\f6  edit control to choose which files you want to print, and to change drives and directories.  This list box is a multiple column list box that can be scrolled horizontally using the scroll bar to view more files and directories.}{\f6 

\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SELECTEDFILESLI_29_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Selected Files List Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Selected Files List Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0145}}{\f6  Selected Files List Box
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The list box on the right side of WinPrint's main window is referred to as the }{\b\f6 Selected Files}{\f6 
 list box because it contains all of the files you have selected for printing.  Files can be removed from this list box by highlighting them and pressing the }{\b\f6 Remove}{\f6  button.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 When you press the }{\b\f6 Print Selected Files}{\f6  button all files that are currently listed in the }{\b\f6 Selected Files}{\f6  listbox wi}{\f6 ll be printed in the order they occur.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} INFORMATIONBOX_30_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Information Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Information Box}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0150}}{\f6  Information Box}{\plain \f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Along the bottom portion of WinPrint's main window you will notice a box containing information concerning the currently selected fonts, printer, printer orientation, and number of columns.  By double clicking on the boxes within the Information Box you c
}{\f6 an pop up the appropriate dialog box.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} CAPTION_31_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Caption}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Caption}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0155}}{\f6  Caption
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The WinPrint caption bar indicates the name of the currently loaded configuration.  When changes have been made to the current configuration the "-" character will change to a "*" character.}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MENUCOMMANDS_32_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Menu Commands}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Menu Commands}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0160}
}{\f6  Menu Commands
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 File Menu}{\b\i\f6 
\par }{\f6 The File menu allows you to open or save configurations, change printers, or quit WinPrint.}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Open Configuration...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 OPENCONFIGURATI_33_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Save Configuration...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SAVECONFIGURATI_34_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Printer Setup...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 PR}{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 INTERSETUP..._35_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Exit{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 EXIT_36_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 Options Menu}{\b\i\f6 
\par }{\f6 The Options menu can be used to change settings.}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Text...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 TEXT..._37_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Headers and Footers...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 HEADERSANDFOOTE_38_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Page Layout...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 PAGELAYOUT..._39_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Minimize while printing...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 MINIMIZEWHILEPR_40_1}{\plain \b\i\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Exit when done printing...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 EXITWHENDONEPRI_41_1}{\plain \b\i\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 Print each file as a separate job...}{\f6 
\par }{\b\i\f6 Help Menu}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 The Help menu provides access to selected main topics in this help file and help on using Windows help.}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Contents...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 CONTENTS_43_1}{\plain \i\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Help on Help...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 HELPONHELP_44_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }About...{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 ABOUT..._45_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} OPENCONFIGURATI_33_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Open Configuration...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Open Configuration...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +
} WINPRINT:0165}}{\f6  Open Configuration...
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Pressing the }{\b\f6 OK}{\f6  button opens the configuration selected in the list box, invalidating any current settings.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Pressing the }{\b\f6 Remove}{\f6  button deletes the configuration selected in the list box.  Note that once you delete a saved configuration it is gone for good.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Pressing the }{\b\f6 Cancel}{\f6  button exits the dialog box without opening a configuration.}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SAVECONFIGURATI_34_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Save Configuration...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Save Configuration...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +
} WINPRINT:0170}}{\f6  Save Configuration...
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 This dialog box allows you to save the current options under a configuration name.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Pressing the }{\b\f6 OK}{\f6  button saves the current configuration under the name appearing in the }{\b\f6 Configuration Name}{\f6  edit control.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Pressing the }{\b\f6 Remove}{\f6  button deletes the configuration selected in the list box.  Note that once you delete a saved config}{\f6 uration it is gone for good.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Pressing the }{\b\f6 Cancel}{\f6  button exits the dialog box without opening a configuration.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The }{\b\f6 Save Current Printer with Configuration}{\f6 
 checkbox allows you to specify if the current printer will be saved with the configuration.  If this check box is checked then whenever the configuration is opened the printer that was currently selected at the time of the save will become selected.}{
\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} PRINTERSETUP..._35_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Printer Setup...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Printer Setup...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0175}}{\f6  Printer Setup...
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 This dialog box allows you to change the current printer and/or change printer specific settings.  For example if you use a HP LaserJet IIID printer, this dialog box will allow you to set the printer up for }{\f6\ul duplex printing}{\f6 .  }{\f6 

\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Many Windows 3.0 printer drivers do not fully support the functionality required by WinPrint for changing printer settings locally.  If you are using one of these drivers you will not be able to change settings from this m}{\f6 
enu item.  Use Control Panel instead.  For more information see }{\f6\uldb Printer Driver Bugs}{\v\f6 PRINTERDRIVERBU_14_1}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Note that when you change the printer with this command you }{\b\f6 do not}{\f6  change the Windows default printer.}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} EXIT_36_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Exit}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Exit}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0180}}{\f6  Exit
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Choosing File Exit will terminate WinPrint.  If you have an changed any settings WinPrint will ask if you wish to save the list before exiting.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} TEXT..._37_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 Text...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Text...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0185}}{\f6  Text...
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 If you choose the Options.Text menu item you will be presented with a dialog box that will allow you to change the text font and margins.  The text font is the font used by WinPrint when printing the actual text of your files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
WinPrint measures it's page margins from the edge of what is called the "logical page" or "printable page".  Most printer drivers automatically force a 1/8" to 1/4" margin from the physical page edge.  For example the HP LaserJet II driver only allows out
}{\f6 put within approximately 1/}{\f6 4" margins.  In this case when WinPrint's margins are all set to 0, you will get a .25" margin.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Within this dialog box you can tell WinPrint to measure in inches or centimeters by checking the appropriate radio button.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
WinPrint will expand tabs according to the settings in this dialog box.  If the Expand Tabs check box is checked then WinPrint will expand each tab character it finds in the input file to the number of characters specified in the "Spaces" edit control.  U
}{\f6 nlike previous versions of WinPr}{\f6 int, version 1.5 actually sets tab stops every n spaces across the page, where n is the number of spaces specified.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
It is important to note that WinPrint 1.x does fully support the printing of your text with non-fixed pitched fones (also called Proportional fonts).  By default, WinPrint will not allow you to choose any fonts for text printing that are not fixed-pitch (
}{\f6 such as Courier, Courier New, or Line Printer).  If you want to try printing your files with proportional fonts use INIedit or your favori}{\f6 te editor to edit the WINPRINT.INI file, adding the following entry to the [configuration] section:}{\f6 

\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 AllowProportionalFonts=1}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\f6 For information on choosing a font see }{\b\f6\uldb Selecting Fonts}{\v\f6 SELECTINGFONTS_18_1}{\f6\ul .}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} HEADERSANDFOOTE_38_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Headers and Footers...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Headers and Footers...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0190}}{\f6  Headers and Footers...
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
If you choose the Options.Headers/Footers... menu item you will be presented with a dialog box that will allow you to change header and footer options and formatting.  In this dialog box you can select whether you want headers and footers and what you wan
}{\f6 t to appear in the headers and footers.  You can also use the font selection controls to select the font you want to use for the headers and footers.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Headers and footer scan be composed of the name of the file being printed, the date and time that file w}{\f6 as last modified or the date and time of printing, and the current page number.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The time and dates are formatted according to the settings in the }{\b\f6 International}{\f6  }{\f6 \{}{\f6 bmc world.bmp}{\f6 \}}{\f6 section of the Windows Control Panel }{\f6 \{}{\f6 bmc control.bmp}{\f6 \}}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If the }{\b\f6 Use Margins Settings}{\f6 
 check box is checked, headers and footers will be printed within the currently set left and right margins.  If the check box is not set, the headers and footers will be printed across the entire width of the printable page.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} PAGELAYOUT..._39_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Page Layout...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Page Layout...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0195}}{\f6  Page Layout...
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 This dialog box allows you to specify the layout of the page including the number of columns and whether the page is printed in landscape or portrait mode.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MINIMIZEWHILEPR_40_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Minimize while printing}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Minimize while printing}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0200}}{\f6  Minimize while printing
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 If this menu item is checked WinPrint will minimize (iconize) itself as soon as it begins printing. This allows you to automatically get WinPrint out of your way while it is printing.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} EXITWHENDONEPRI_41_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Exit when done printing}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Exit when done printing}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0205}}{\f6  Exit when done printing
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 This menu item controls whether or not WinPrint will close itself (quit) after it has finished printi}{\f6 
ng the selected files.  If this item is checked when the "Print Selected Files" button is pushed, WinPrint will automatically close when it has finished printing the selected files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} PRINTEACHFILEAS_42_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Print each file as a separate job}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Print each file as a separate job}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0210}}{\f6  Print }{\f6 each file as a separate job}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 This menu item allow}{\f6 
s you to specify whether WinPrint will print each file listed in the Selected Files listbox as separate jobs or as one job.  Some printer drivers are better at handling large jobs (when this item is not checked) than others.  In most cases WinPrint will b
}{\f6 e faster if this item is }{\b\f6 not}{\f6  checked.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 See }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Interface}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6\up6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} CONTENTS_43_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $
} Contents menu item}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Contents}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0215}}{\f6 
 Contents
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 This menu item brings up the WinHelp utility and provides help on how to use WinPrint.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPONHELP_44_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Help on Help}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Help on Help}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0220}}{
\f6  Help on Help
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 This menu item brings up the WinHelp utility and provides help on using WinHelp.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ABOUT..._45_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $
} About...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} About...}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0225}}{\f6  About...

\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 This menu item pops up the WinPrint about box.  This is useful for finding the version of WinPrint and your registration information.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} COMMANDLINEINTE_46_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Command Line Interface}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Command Line Interface}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0230}}{\f6  Command Line Interface
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 One of WinPrint's most useful features is its ability to be completely controlled from the }{\f6\ul command line}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Typically, Windows applications are started by double-clicking on the file name in the File Manager or an icon in the Program Manager.  There are several utilities available that can either replace or supplement the standard Windows 3.0 File and Program M
}{\f6 anagers for launching applications.  Many of these}{\f6  have the ability to launch applications using icons or menus.  Wilson WindowWare's Command Post is a good example of such a product.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint's command line options allow you to easily integrate WinPrint into one of these products with complete flexibility.  The }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Samples}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINESAMP_49_1}{\f6 
 section gives examples WinPrint command lines for the Windows Program Manager, Command Post, and the Windows 3.1 Registration Database.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Command Line Syntax{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 COMMANDLINESYNT_47_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Command Line Options{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 COMMANDLINEOPTI_48_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Command Line Samples{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 COMMANDLINESAMP_49_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} COMMANDLINESYNT_47_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Command Line Syntax}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Command Line Syntax}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0235}}{\f6  Command Line Syntax}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The following syntax and rules are used by WinPrint when invoked from the command line.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-720\li720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \'bb}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 All options must be prefixed with a slash ("/").  Anything on the command line that is not prefixed with a slash will be interpreted}{\f6  as a filespec.}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s8\fi-720\li720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \'bb}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 Angle Brackets ("<" and ">") deli}{\f6 mit required arguments.  For example the Text font point size option, /TP:<n>, requires an integer value following the colon (":"):}{\f6 

\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 /TP:10}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 This would tell WinPrint to use a 10pt font size.  Note the angle brackets are not included on the command line.}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f6 \'bb}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 Square Brackets ("[" and "]") are used to delimit optional arguments. }{\f6 An ellipsis ("...") indicates that the previous argument may be repeated. For example the standard usage for WinPrint is}{\f6 

\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 [/opt1 [/opt2]...] [filespec1 [filespec2]...]}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Thus}{\f6  zero or more options may be specified, followed by zero or more filespecs.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f6 \'bb}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 Curly Braces ("}{\f6 \{}{\f6 " and "}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
") delimit an argument that is required but may have two or more possible values. Each possible value is listed within the curly braces. One,  and only one, of the values may be used for each option.  For example the /C}{\f6 \{}{\f6 +,-}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
 option may take either of the following forms, but not both:}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 WinPrint /C+}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint /C-}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Note that the curly braces are not included on the command line.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The following is the}{\f6  general syntax for starting WinPrint from the command line:}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 WINPRINT [/opt1 [/opt2]...] [filespec1 [filespec2]...]}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Options}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINEOPTI_48_1}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Samples}{\v\f6 COMMANDLINESAMP_49_1}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \page }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} COMMANDLINEOPTI_48_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Command Line Options}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Command Line Options}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0240}}{\f6  Command Line Options
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 AutoStart}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Begin printing the specified files as soon as WinPrint opens.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /GO}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If this options is specified on the command line, WinPrint will begin sending the selected files to the printer immediately.  This is very useful when starting WinPrint via a program manager such as Command Post.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Use Config}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Use a previously saved configuration.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /S:<configuration name>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Where <configuration name> is the name of a configuration saved with the File.Save Setup... menu item.  All command line options, except /GO, that precede the /S: option will be ignored.  Options specified after the }{\f6 
/S: option will override the appropriate setting within the configuration specified.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If the configuration name contains spaces it must be enclosed in quotes.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 AutoClose}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Automatically close WinPrint when it is finished printing all of the specified files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /C}{\f6 \{}{\f6 +,-}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 This option duplicates the checkbox in the WinPrint main window labeled Close when done.  Plus (+) means checked/on, minus (-) means unchecked/off.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Minimize}{\f6 
\par }{\f6\ul Minimize}{\f6  the WinPrint window while it is printing the specified files,}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /M}{\f6 \{}{\f6 +,-}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 This option duplicates the checkbox in the WinPrint main window labeled Minimize while printing.  Plus (+) means checked/on, minus (-) means unchecked/off.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Unit of Measurement}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the unit of measurement used when specifying margins and column spacing.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /U:}{\f6 \{}{\f6 IN,CM}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 For each of the margin switches given below, n is a real number specifying units of measurement in either inches or centimeters as determined by the /U:}{\f6 \{}{\f6 IN,CM}{\f6 \}}{\f6  option.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The /U: option must precede any of the margin option}{\f6 s on the command line.  If it does not, the default unit setting will be used.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Top Margin}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the value for the top margin.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /MT:<n>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Left Margin}{\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the value for the left margin.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /ML:<n>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Bottom Margin}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the value for the bottom margin.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /MB:<n>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Right Margin}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the value for the right margin.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /MR:<n>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Text Font Facename}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the facename of the font to be used when printing the text of the specified files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /TF:<facename>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 <facename> specifies the name of the font that the text being printed will appear in.  If the currently selected printer does not support the specified font name, you may get unpredictable results.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If a font name contains spaces it must be enclosed in quotes.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Text Font Pointsize}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the size of the font to be used when printing the text of the specified files in }{\f6\ul points}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /TP:<n>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If the current printer does not support the specified point size, WinPrint will select the closest available siz}{\f6 e.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Text Font Style}{\f6  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the }{\f6\ul style}{\f6  of the font used when printing the text of the specified files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /TS:}{\f6 \{}{\f6 [I][B],N}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 This option allows you to select text attributes for the text being printed. You may specify any combination of [I]talic or [B]old.  If you specify [N]ormal the text will be printed with no attributes.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Header/Footer Font Facename}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the facename of the font to be used when printing the headers and footers of the specified files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /HF:<fontname>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Where <fontname> specifies the name of the font for the headers and footers (if activated).  If the currently selected printer does not support the specified font name, you may get unpredictable results.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Header/Footer Font Pointsize}{\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the size of the font to be used when printing the headers and footers of the specified files in }{\f6\ul points}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /HP:<n>}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If the current printer does not support the specified point size, WinPrint will select the closest available size.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Text Font Style}{\f6  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the }{\f6\ul style}{\f6  of the font used when printing the headers and footers of the specified files.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /HS:}{\f6 \{}{\f6 [I][B],N}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 This option allows you to select text attributes for the text being printed. You may specify any combination of [I]talic or [B]old.  If you specify [N]ormal the text will be printed with no attributes.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Header Options}{\f6  }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the format of the header printed at the top of each page.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /H:}{\f6 \{}{\f6 [F][N][}{\f6 \{}{\f6 P,R}{\f6 \}}{\f6 ],-}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Using this option you can control what you want to appear in }{\f6 your headers.  You may specify any combination of [F]ilename, page [N]umber, and date [P]rinted/date [R]evised.  If you specify "-" headers will be turned off.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Footer Options }{\b\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies the format of the footer printed at the bottom of each page}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /F:}{\f6 \{}{\f6 [F][N][}{\f6 \{}{\f6 P,R}{\f6 \}}{\f6 ],-}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Using this option you can control what you want to appear in your footers.  You may specify any combination of [F]ilename, page [N]umber, and date [P]rinted/date [R]evised.  If you specify "-" footers will be turned off.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Fit Headers}{\b\f6 /Footers to Margins}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Specifies that the Header/footers will use the current left and right margin settings.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 /HM}{\f6 \{}{\f6 +,-}{\f6 \}}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
WinPrint can print headers and footers in one of two ways: within the left and right margin settings or flush with the edge of the page.  If you specify /HM+, headers and footers will be printed within the current left and right margin settings.  If you s
}{\f6 pecify /HM-, headers and footers will be printed without left and right margins.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6\uldb Command Line Options No Longer Supported}{\v\f6 FEATURESNOLONGE_59_1}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} COMMANDLINESAMP_49_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Command Line Samples}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Command Line Samples}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0245}}{\f6  Command Line Samples
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
This section contains examples of how to start WinPrint using the Program Manager included with Windows 3.0 or with Morrie Wilson's Command Post.  If you are using another product to launch WinPrint, refer to that product's documentation on the syntax it 
}{\f6 uses to start applications.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Command Post (Version 7.0) Examples}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 &Print...}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 f=FileItemize ("")}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 t=strcat ("/s:""My std setup"" /m+ /c+ /go ", f) }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 \tab }{\f6         }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 run("c:}{\f6 \\}{\f6 winapps}{\f6 \\}{\f6 winprint.exe", t)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 drop (t,f)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 This would print all files currently highlighted in the Command Post window using the configuration names "My std setup".  WinPrint would start printing automatically while it was minimized and would close when it was done.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Print &Shareware Docs}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 f=FileItemize("")}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 t=strcat ("/s:shareware /m+ /c+ /go ", f)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 run("c:}{\f6 \\}{\f6 winapps}{\f6 \\}{\f6 winprint.exe",t)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 drop(t,f)}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 Program Manager Examples}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The followi}{\f6 
ng examples demonstrate how you could specify a command line in the "Properties" dialog box of program manager.  You could create a program group called "Print" and put several WinPrint icons in that group.  Each icon would have a different command line a
}{\f6 ssociated with it.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WINPRINT /S:"Source Code" /GO *.C}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Assuming that you have saved a configuration named "Source Code" this would start WinPrint with all of the settings of that configuration.  The /GO option would cause WinPrint to immediately start p}{\f6 
rinting the files in the current directory that match the "_*.C" }{\f6\ul filespec}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WINPRINT /S:Documents /GO /M+ /C+ winprint.doc}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 This would print the file winprint.doc, using the configuration settings saved under the name "Documents".  WinPrint would be minimized, would start printing immediately, and would close after it printed the file.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WINPRINT /M+ /C- /U:cm /ML:1.5 /tf:Courier /tp:8 *.c}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
This would start WinPrint with the Minimize option enabled, the Close option disabled, the Left Margin set at 1.5 centimeters, the text would be printed using the Courier font at an 8pt line height.  All files in the current directory ending with the ".C"
}{\f6   extension would be printed.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WINPRINT /m+ /HS:BI /H:FNP /F:R *.c *.h makefile}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 In this example WinPrint would print all files in the current directory with either ".C" or ".H" extensions  and the file named "MAKEFILE". Each page would be printed with }{\f6 
a header (in Bold and Italic) consisting  of the Filename, page Number, and date Printed. Each  page would also contain a header (also in Bold and Italic) consisting of the date Revised.}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} FILESPECS_50_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 
$} Filespecs}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Filespecs}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0250}}{\f6  Filespecs

\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 Filespecs are any valid DOS file specifications, including the wild card characters "?" and "*".}{\f6 
\par }\pard \ri-720 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} REGISTRATIONINF_51_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Registration Information}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Registration Information}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0255}}{\f6  Registration Information
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 WinPrint is not and has never been public domain software, nor is it free software.  WinPrint is a commercial application distributed as shareware.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Non-licensed users are granted a limited license (registration) to use WinPrint on a 21-day trial basis for the purpose of determining whether WinPrint is suitable for their needs.  The use of WinPrint, except for the initial 21-day trial, requires regist
}{\f6 ration.  The use of unlicensed (un-registered) copies of WinPrint by any person, business, corporation, go}{\f6 vernment agency or any other entity is strictly prohibited.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 A single user license permits a user to use WinPrint only on a single computer.  Licensed users may use the program on different computers, but may not use the program on more than one computer at the same time.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 No one may modify or patch the WinPrint executable and documentation files in any way, including but not limited to decompiling, disassembling, or otherwise reverse engineering the program.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 A limited license is granted to copy and distribute WinPrint only for the trial use of others, subject to the above limitations, and also the following:}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f6 1)}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 WinPrint must be copied in unmodified form, complete with the file containing this license information.  }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\f6 2)}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 The WinPrint product consists of the following files: }{\f6 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f6 \tab }{\f6 WINPRINT.EXE, TDUTIL.DLL, COMMDLG.DLL, README.TXT, and WINPRINT.HLP.  All of these files must be copied in unmodified form.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f6 3)}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 WinPrint may not be distributed in conjunction with any other product with out a specific license to do so from Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f6 4)}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 No fee, charge, or other compensation may be requested or accepted, except as authorized below:}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720 {\f6 A)}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 
Operators of electronic bulletin board systems (sysops) may make WinPrint available for downloading only as long as the above conditions are met.  An overall or time-dependent charge for the use of the bulletin board system is permitted as long as there i
}{\f6 s not a specif}{\f6 ic charge for the download of WinPrint.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 \tab }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 B)}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 Vendors may charge a disk duplication and handling fee, which may not exceed eight dollars.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 The single user registration fee for WinPrint 1.5 is $25 (US Dollars).  Payment of this fee entitles you to:}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s4 \f7\lang1033 {\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \s4\fi-720\li720 {\f6\fs20 \'bb}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 A registration numb}{\f6\fs20 er that will disable the startup shareware reminder windows contained within the program.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \'bb}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Free upgrade to all future shareware versions and a discount on future versions that are not distributed as shareware, if any.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \'bb}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 Technical }{\f6\fs20 support via electronic mail.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s7 \f7\lang1033 {\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Diskettes containing the latest version of WinPrint are available for $15.  The most recent version of WinPrint can always be found in the following places:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \s7\fi-720\li720 {\f6\fs20 \'bb}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 The MSOPSYS, WINNEW, and WINADV, forums on CompuServe}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \'bb}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 The Utilities forum on PC Magazine's PC MAGNET.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \s7\li720 {\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \s7 {\f6\fs20 Site licenses for WinPrint are available.  Contact the author for more information.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \s4 \f7\lang1033 {\f6\fs20 At the present time registering for WinPrint may be done by mail only.   To register send a check for $25.00 (US Dollars)}{\f6\fs20  drawn on a U.S. bank made out to Charles E. Kindel, Jr to:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \s4\li720 {\f6\fs20 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 22925 N.E. 12th Place}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Redmond, WA  98053}{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \s4 {\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 Important points to remember when registering:}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard \s4\fi-720\li720 {\f6\fs20 \'bb}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 
The only forms of payment currently accepted are by check for United States dollars drawn on a United States bank (the cost of cashing a check drawn on an international bank is typically $25-$30 which is prohibitively expensive) or cash.  If you do send}{
\f6\fs20  a check drawn on a U.S. bank, but from an international branch, make sure the check clearly states where a U.S. branch of that bank  is located.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 \'bb}{\f6\fs20 \tab }{\f6\fs20 You can print a }{\f6\fs20\uldb registration form}{\v\f6\fs20 REGISTRATIONINF_51_1}{\f6\fs20 
 from the Registration Dialog Box or by selecting the registration form topic in WinHelp and using the File.Print... menu item.  Using these forms makes processing orders much easier.}{\f6\fs20 
\par }{\f6\fs20 
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \'bb}{\f6 \tab }{\f6 Make sure your name and address are clearly legible on the regi}{\f6 stration form and that you include a first }{\b\f6 and}{\f6  last name}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Distribution Files{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 DISTRIBUTIONFIL_52_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The following files are included with WinPrint:}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 WINPRINT.EXE}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Main WinPrint 1.5 executable.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\b\f6 TDUTIL.DLL}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Support Dynamic Link Library.  This file must reside in a directory on your path or in the same directory that WINPRINT.EXE resides in.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 COMMDLG.DLL}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Support Dynamic Link Library for Microsoft's Common Dialogs.  If you are using Windows 3.0 this file should be copied into your WINDOWS}{\f6 \\}{\f6 
SYSTEM directory.  If you are using a version of Windows greater than 3.0 or 3.0a this file is already on your system.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\b\f6 WINPRINT.HLP}{\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 WinPrint's help file.  This file is used the Windows WinHelp utility to provide online help for WinPrint and should reside in the same directory as WINPRINT.EXE.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 README.TXT}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 This file provides installation instructions and more.  Read it!}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 All of the above files }{\b\f6 must}{\f6  be included with all copies of WinPrint distributed!}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 WinPrint Registration Form{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 WINPRINTREGISTR_53_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 }{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }Limited Warranty{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 LIMITEDWARRANTY_54_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }U.S. Government Restricted Rights{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 U._55_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} DISTRIBUTIONFIL_52_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Distribution Files}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Distribution Files}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0260}}{\f6  Distribution Files
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The following files are included with WinPrint:}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 WINPRINT.EXE}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Main WinPrint 1.5 executable.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\b\f6 TDUTIL.DLL}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Support Dynamic Link Library.  This file must reside in a directory on your path or in the same directory that WINPRINT.EXE resides in.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 COMMDLG.DLL}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 Support Dynamic Link Library for Microsoft's Common Dialogs.  If you are using Windows 3.0 this file should be copied into your WINDOWS}{\f6 \\}{\f6 
SYSTEM directory.  If you are using a version of Windows greater than 3.0 or 3.0a this file is already on your system.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\b\f6 WINPRINT.HLP}{\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 WinPrint's help file.  This file is used the Windows WinHelp utility to provide online help for WinPrint and should reside in the same directory as WINPRINT.EXE.}{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 README.TXT}{\b\f6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\f6 This fil}{\f6 e provides installation instructions and more.  Read it!}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard {\f6 All of the above files }{\b\f6 must}{\f6  be included with all copies of WinPrint distributed!}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} WINPRINTREGISTR_53_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} WinPrint Registration Form}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} WinPrint Registration Form}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0265}}{\f6  WinPrint Registration Form
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f8 
\par }\pard \qc {\b\f8 WinPrint 1.50}{\f8 
\par }{\f8      }{\f8 
\par }{\b\f8 INVOICE/REGISTRATION FORM}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }\pard {\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 Remit to:}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\b\f8 Charles E. Kindel, Jr.}{\b\f8 
\par }{\b\f8 22925 N.E. 12th Place}{\b\f8 
\par }{\b\f8 Redmond, WA  98053}{\b\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\b\f8 Checks must be in U.S. funds, payable by a U.S. Bank.}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 From:}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 FIRST NAME:    ______________________________________}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 LAST NAME:     ______________________________________}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 ADDRESS:       ______________________________________}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8                ______________________________________}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8                ______________________________________}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 EMAIL ADDRESS: ______________________________________}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li1440 {\f8 _____}{\f8 \tab }{\f8 Check here if you want your registration number sent via electronic mail.}{\f8 
\par }\pard {\f8 
\par }{\f8 Quantity                                     Unit Price     Total}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 ________  WinPrint Single User Registration Fee}{\f8 
\par }{\f8                                              $25.00       _______}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8                                              Total:       _______}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 
\par }{\f8 Note that WinPrint Version 1.5 has been delivered and accepted by}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 the  customer.  Upon receipt of this paid invoice, a registration}{\f8 
\par }{\f8 number will be sent.}{\f8 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} LIMITEDWARRANTY_54_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Limited Warranty}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Limited Warranty}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0270}}{\f6  Limited Warranty
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Charles E. Kindel, Jr. guarantees your satisfaction with this product for a period of 90 days from the date of original purchase.  If you are unsatisfied with WinPrint within that time period contact Charles E. Kindel, Jr. via normal or electronic mail fo
}{\f6 r a full refund.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Charles E. Kindel, Jr. warrants that the program will perform in substantial compliance with the documentation supplied with the software product.  If a significant defect in the product is found, the Purchaser may obtain a refund.  In n}{\f6 
o event will such a refund exceed the purchase price of the product.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE, CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCT.  SHOULD THE PROGRA
}{\f6 M PROVE DEFECTIVE, THE PURCHASER ASSUMES THE RISK OF PAYING THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION AND ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT W}{\f6 
ILL CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THIS PRODU
}{\f6 CT EVEN IF CHARLES E. KINDEL, JR. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 Use of this product for any period of time constitutes your acceptance of this agreement and subjects you to its contents.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} U._55_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} U.}}
{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} U.}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0275}}{\f6 
 U.S. Government Restricted Rights
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 
Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subdivision (b)(3)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at 252.227-7013.  Contractor/manufacturer is Charles E. Kindel, Jr., 22925 N.E
}{\f6 . 12th Place, Redmond, WA 98053.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} MISCELLANEOUS_56_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Miscellaneous}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Miscellaneous}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0280}
}{\f6  Miscellaneous
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Technical Support{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 TECHNICALSUPPOR_57_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Special Thanks{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 SPECIALTHANKS_58_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s253\ri-720 \b\f6\fs20\uldb\lang1033 Features No Longer Supported{\plain \i\v\f6\fs20\lang1033 FEATURESNOLONGE_59_1}{\plain \b\f6\fs20\lang1033 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} TECHNICALSUPPOR_57_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Technical Support}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Technical Support}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0285}}{\f6  Technical Support
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 Technical support for WinPrint is provided to registered users only via }{\f6\ul electronic mail}{\f6 .}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 If you are a registered user, you can contact the author for support on CompuServe. Send CompuServe mail to 71551,1455.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} SPECIALTHANKS_58_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Special Thanks}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Special Thanks}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +}
 WINPRINT:0290}}{\f6  Special Tha}{\f6 nks}{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
Special thanks to Mike Brehm, Bryan Woodruff, and the entire Microsoft Developer Support team for their invaluable input and testing.  WinPrint could not have been developed without the help of Charles Petzold's book "Programming Windows"; thank you Charl
}{\f6 es.   }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 WinPrint was written in Microsoft C 6.00, Microsoft Macro Assembler, and the Microsoft Windows Software Development Kit for Microsoft Windows 3.x.}{\f6 
\par }{\b\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} FEATURESNOLONGE_59_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {
\fs16\up6 $} Features No Longer Supported}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Features No Longer Supported}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0295}}{\f6  Features No Longer Supported
\par }\pard\plain \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
The following features existed in WinPrint Version 1.32 and lower, but are not available in WinPrint 1.5.   These features were removed because they have either been replaced by other features or are not longer valid in Version 1.5's architecture.}{
\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\b\f6\cf6 Features}{\b\f6\cf6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\b\f6\cf6 Draft Mode selection from main window.}{\f6\cf6   The check box for selecting draft print has been removed.  You can now set draft mode from the File.Printer Setup menu item.}{\f6\cf6 
\par }\pard {\f6\cf6 
\par }{\b\f6\cf6 Command Line Switches No Longer Su}{\b\f6\cf6 pported}{\b\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
\par }\pard \li720 {\b\f6\cf6 Select Printer}{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 Specify the printer WinPrint is to use while printing the specified files.}{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 /P:<printer name>}{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 Where <printer name> is the name of a printer that has been installed using the Windows Control Panel program.  If the printer name contains spaces it must be enclosed in quotes.}{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\b\f6\cf6 Draft mode}{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 /D}{\f6\cf6 \{}{\f6\cf6 +,-}{\f6\cf6 \}}{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 
\par }{\f6\cf6 This option duplicates the checkbox in the WinPrint main window labeled Draft Mode.  Plus (+) means checked/on, minus (-) means unchecked/off.}{\f6\cf6 
\par }\pard {\f6\cf6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ASCII_60_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 ASCII}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} ASCII}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0300}}{\f6  ASCII
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 ASCII is the code most computers use to represent letters, numbers, and symbols.  ASCII stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange.  The IBM PC uses the ASCII character set by default, but Windows uses the }{\f6\ul ANSI}{\f6 
 character set.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 \page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} ANSI_61_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $}
 ANSI}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} ANSI}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0305}}{\f6  ANSI
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 ANSI is the code Windows uses to represent letters, numbers, and symbols.   Many of the characters in the ANSI characters set are also in the ASCII character set.}{\f6 \page }{\f6 
\par }\pard\plain \s254 \b\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 {\*\bkmkstart bkmkStart}{\*\bkmkend bkmkStart}\page }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 #} COMMANDLINE_62_1}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 $} Command line}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 K} Command line}}{\f6  }{\plain \f6\fs20\up6\lang1033 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\f5\fs20\lang1033 {\fs16\up6 +} WINPRINT:0310}}{\f6  Command line
\par }\pard\plain \ri-720 \f5\fs20\lang1033 {\f6 
\par }{\f6 The command line is the string of text that is passed to all Windows applications upon invocation.  This string is typically made up of }{\i\f6 parameters}{\f6 
 that the application knows about.  In WinPrint's case all parameters defined in the Command Line Invocation section are valid.}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 An example command line for WinPrint might look like this:}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 
\par }{\f6 \tab }{\f6 WINPRINT.EXE /go /c+ hello.c}{\f6 
\par }{\f6 {\*\bkmkstart bkmkEnd}{\*\bkmkend bkmkEnd}
\par }}